performance of the models on the amr and psd datasets is reported in table vii . all the models trained on the psd outperform their counterparts in terms of precision . for example , groschwitz et al . ( 2017 ) and peyrard ( 2018 ) both show significant performance improvement with respect to precision . the eds coreference algorithm outperforms the previous state - of - the - art on all three datasets .
3 shows the performance of all models on the biobert test set . mednli outperforms all the other models except for the one that has been expanded and reconfirm its performance in the expanded setting . further , the improvements are only statistically significant when we add all the models that have been expanded since the last published results .
2 shows the performance ( across 100 seeds ) of the elmo model on the sst2 task . on the a - but - b sentence , the model obtains a significant improvement over the performance on the negation sentence . with the exception of the one sentence with a significant drop in performance , elmo does not significantly improve negation .
shown in table 3 , the accuracies of the baseline and elmo ( over 100 seeds ) are shown in the low - supervision setting ( which gets marked as neutral and gets the opposite of their labels in the sst2 dataset ) . flipped sentiment is computed using fleiss ’ kappa κ to obtain an average accuracy of 80 . 55 % , which is slightly better than the accuracy of 100 . 55 .
concept input and label features are presented in table vii . the results of the best performing method are shown in the table vii . glove outperforms both embeddings and docuve in terms of both input and output metrics .
concept input and label features are presented in table vii . the results of the best performing method are shown in the table vii . glove outperforms both the baseline and the corresponding embeddings . in general terms , the results show that the input and the label are better than the output of any other method .
3 shows the performance of all the models for topic science and topic_science . results are shown in table 3 . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 . however , the results remain significantly worse than those of gong et al . ( 2018 ) . from the table 1 , we can see that the topic_wiki embedding method significantly improves the results for all the three domains .
3 shows the results for the cnn and lstm models with the best performance on each metric . we report the full results for each metric on the full and part - of - the - model ( table 3 ) . all models trained on the cnn dataset are full , with the exception of glove ( hochreiter et al . , 2016 ) . the models trained only on one domain are qualitatively very different from the baseline on all the other domains except the cnn full extent of the model is reported in table 3 .
3 shows the performance of the wmt and wmt models on the speedup and de - en tasks . the results are shown in table 3 . the wmt model achieves the best performance with a 2 . 57 × improvement over the baseline on both benchmarks .
2 shows the performance of our model with two hidden and two hidden size models in the low - supervision settings . the results are presented in table 2 . with only one hidden size node , our model obtains a significant improvement in performance over the previous state of the art model .
performance of our transformer model compared to transformer in terms of acc and cnn time ( s ) is reported in table ii . transformer performs better than transformer ( n = 6 ) in all but one of the comparisons . bilstm and lstm are comparable in performance with transformer , but their performance is slightly worse in the one - to - x analogy task .
4 shows the test set results on movie review dataset . our s - lstm achieved the best results with 82 . 45 % accuracy on a single training set and 3 stacked test sets .
3 shows the performance of our bilstm and hd model compared to previous work on the same dataset . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 . we observe that , when trained on a single dataset , the accuracy is low , hence leading to different performance measures being important for the model . video is qualitatively different from the other two models in terms of time ( s ) as shown in table 1 ,
results on ptb ( pos tagging ) are shown in table 6 . the top 3 models achieved the best performance with a 97 . 55 % f1 score on the validation set .
3 shows the performance of the top 3 models on the test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . as can be seen , all the models performed on this set had completely stacked bilstm configurations . apart of the fact that the collobert2011natural model had the worst performance on both tests , we also found that most of the other models had better performance .
2 shows the e2e test set results . our own model outperforms the best three models on three out of the four development set . moreover , the best model on the development set is char .
3 presents the results of the best model on development set and avg ± sd of ten runs . our model outperforms all the systems except for the one that we own . this indicates that the model performs well on dev set and is better on production set .
shown in table 4 , increasing the number of layers severely decreases bleu ( by 1 . 8 × in standard setup , and by 3 . 1 × in synst ’ s parse decoder ) . by further adding layers , we achieve a speedup of 2 . 1x in standard operation .
4 shows the e2e and webnlg development set results in the format avg ± sd . all the metrics are averaged over using each human reference as prediction , and only rouge - l shows lower performance . we observe that bleu is significantly better than the human model in terms of accuracy , and consequently less likely to fail to predict future events .
errors and grammatical errors are reported in table vii . overall , all errors are classified as language errors . however , the most prevalent ones are information . errors and misspellings , which are caused by incorrect spell checkers . as can be seen , the overall accuracy of the information . added word is significantly lower than the overall correctness of the word .
1 shows the performance of all the models trained on the webnlg dataset . e2e word and word descriptions are presented in table 1 . the webnlg model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of both character and word embeddings . however , the difference between the average number of words for each model is less pronounced for the two than for the other two models .
evaluated the results for 10 random test instances of a word - based model trained with synthetic training data . we find that the average number of correct texts among the top n hypotheses is significantly less than the number of incorrect texts by the standard model , i . e . template 1 + 2 has a lower ranking than reranker ,
experimental results of abstractive summarization on gigaword test set with rouge metric are shown in table 1 . our model performs state - of - the - art in the low - supervision settings , and the top section is our model ’ s oracle performance .
experimental results of extractive summarization on google data set are shown in table 2 . the first section shows the performance of our model compared to the supervised baseline in filippova and altun ( 2013 ) and zhao et al . ( 2018 ) . the contextual match score is the token overlapping score , and the compression rate is the average of the two tokens .
3 compares the performance of different model choices in terms of extractive and extractive keyphrases . we observe that all the models we choose have poor performance in these tasks . they are more likely to perform poorly in extractive contexts , as shown in fig . 3 .
3 shows the official evaluation results of the submitted runs on the test set of librispeech . the results are in table 3 . all the models trained on the submitted test set have achieved outstanding results in terms of class performance . the mv class outperforms all the other models except the one that had the worst performance .
3 shows the performance obtained by jointly training the two decoders with the gold - adapted parser in the target language . parsed prediction vs . predicted parse ( separate ) exact match comparisons show that the two tokens have comparable performance when trained with the ground - truth target syntax . also , the accuracy obtained by training the three tokens with the same vocabulary is considerably higher than when using the original gold parser .
3 shows the performance of all decoder models when trained with auto - regressive rnn as decoder . we observe that the sst outperforms all the other models except for the one that use uniform sampling . the sst performs better than any other decoder except the sick - e and sts14 models .
3 shows the performance of each encoder type compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . for example , sick - r and sts14 perform best in terms of decoding with a precision of 900 . 6 % and accuracy of 0 . 58 / 0 . 56 .
2 shows bleu scores for training nmt models with full word and byte pair encoded vocabularies . the models are averaged over 3 optimizer runs . they are 27 . 8 % better than the iwslt en - fr baseline .
shown in table 1 , all models have ≈ 5m parameters . model lstm - word has comparable performance to the other two models in terms of test set perplexity .
1 shows the performance of all models compared to the baseline on en , de and ru . our data - s model outperforms all the baseline models except for those that do not use the word " disambiguation " . in particular , we see that data - s and syl - sum have significantly better performance on these benchmarks compared to other models .
5 compares the performance of our lstm with the original rhn . it can be seen that the smaller size of the dlm reduces the performance for the vstm .
1 shows the effect of adding titles to premises . as table 1 shows , esim significantly outperforms transformer on fever title one and the corresponding esim scores .
2 shows the performance of esim on fever title five and six . transformer significantly outperforms other classifiers in terms of accuracy , confirming that the model is more accurate than the original source .
3 shows the percentage of evidence retrieved from first half of development set from various sources ( e . g . , entire articles , film , tv , entire ) , and titles . the percentage of unigramized claims in tfidf is 69 . 1 % , which shows the diminishing returns from re - evaluating the evidence .
shown in table 4 , all the systems use ne + film retrieval . the fever score is significantly higher than the baseline for any other system except fever title one .
2 shows the projection accuracy for the isolated example experiment in 2000 → 2001 . the accuracy drops significantly as the number of pairs grows ,
all pairs , including oov and oov ( except for the in - vocabulary pairs ) , are considered for this analysis . all pairs , except for oov , are considered only for the up - to - now task . all invocabulary pairings are considered , apart from those in the abstractions ( e . g . , oov only in the one case ) and in the single - word task ( e
3 shows the performance of all models when compared to the original embeddings . in general terms , all models perform better than their original counterparts when compared with the original ones . as a result , the performance gap between the original and the new ones drops significantly . we observe that the improvement of the lτce model over the previous state - of - the - art models is minimal .
investigate the effect of the additional cost term on the performance of all onion types in the comparison set , we report results in table 2 . we observe that , in general , all onion are better than all the other methods except for the all onion subset .
2 shows the percentage of wikifiable named entities in a website per domain , with standard error . it is clear from table 2 that many of these named entities are easily identifiable .
ukb outperforms all the base lines except for those in the s3 , where it obtains the best performance . we observe that ukb performs particularly well in the low - supervision settings , which means that it can easily distinguish between the performance of s3 and s15 . moreover , ukb ( this work ) is comparable with state - of - the - art ukb models in terms of recall scores .
performance for our supervised systems is reported in table 2 . the best results reported in raganato et al . ( 2017a ) are in bold . our system outperforms all the supervised systems on the s2 and s13 datasets .
apply the single context sentence and the multi context sentence . results are presented in table vii . single context sentence outperforms all the other sentence methods except for ppr . w2w .
2 : accuracy ( in % ) of our model and other models on the swbd2 dataset is reported in table 2 . our hn - sa model outperforms all the other models except doc2vec models in terms of logistic and other metrics .
1 shows the performance of our approach with respect to matching accuracy on sql queries . syntaxsqlnet ( bert ) achieves 25 . 8 % and 61 . 9 % accuracy on the test set , respectively , compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . while seq2seq has access to a lot of data , its attention and copying scores are relatively high , which indicates that the model is more suitable for the task .
2 compares the performance of all approaches with the hardness level . syntaxsqlnet ' s easy approach and irnet ' s hard approach achieve higher performance than the hard approach by 2 . 9 % on test set . we observe that both the easy and hard approaches have comparable performance to the original state - of - the - art models on the hard and hard subsets , respectively . when matching accuracy with hardness level , the model performs well on both subsets and the hard subset .
3 shows the performance matching accuracy on development set of syntaxsqlnet with respect to semql queries . the models trained on bert outperform typesql and semql in terms of matching accuracy , while seq2seq has the best performance .
3 shows the performance of our classifiers on the validation set of the symmetric test set in the setting of without ( base ) and with ( r . w ) re - weighted base . the classifiers show marked performance drop over the previous state of the art models .
3 shows the performance of the bigram models trained on the united states dataset compared to the one from the other two baselines . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that for all the baselines except for the one that is in the united states , all the other baselines perform better . for the three baselines our system performs best .
3 shows the performance of our newsqa system compared to squad . exact match ( em ) and span f1 scores are shown in table 3 . with the help of a 2 - stage synnet model , the results are significantly better than those obtained using a single stage model .
1 vs . human : the results are shown in table 2 . in general terms , we see that the training set size and the number of turns are the most important factors in achieving achieved goal . seq2seq ( goal + state ) significantly outperforms both the human and the simulator in terms of turns .
3 shows the performance of all the words for each language for each sub - category . for example , we report en ⇒ fr at 21 . 0 % and 21 . 7 % respectively , compared to the previous state - of - the - art results . for the fertility category , pos tags < cao et al . ( 2018 ) had the best performance with a gap of 3 . 5 % and 1 . 9 % respectively compared to previous best performances .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the macro - f1 metric in the distractor and fullwiki setting , respectively . we report the results of all models except the one that achieves the best performance , namely , the bilstm - 104 sentence training with an absolute improvement of 1 . 64 points over the previous state of the art model .
4 shows the performance of our model finetuned with a 2 - stage synnet . we vary the number of mini - batches from one batch to two , and vary the amount of paragraph we use for question synthesis . in study a , we set k = 0 and aoracle to give a 27 . 2 f1 score . however , this analysis shows that using only one paragraph to generate questions actually hurts the model ' s performance .
es2en and khresmoi are presented in table vii . all - biomed models outperform all the other models except for health , which is more stable and requires fewer training examples . we observe that the transfer learning schedule for health and bio requires significantly less data than the baseline health model , so we observe that all the information available for this analysis is strictly related to the health and bio tasks . all the data available for these models are in the health domain , where the majority of the data belong to the en2es group .
es2en and khresmoi test results are shown in table 4 . all - biomed models outperform all uniform en2es models except for health , which performs best in all but one case . we observe that uniform ensemble dissembling reduces the performance for all models except health , especially for the three cases where the uniform ensemble is the most important . the uniform ensemble performs better for all but the one case where there is a significant drop in performance . this is mostly due to high variation in performance between uniform ensemble and unsupervised settings .
4 shows the results for english - german pair submissions . all - biomed models outperform the uniform ensemble in terms of bleu score . we observe that the best performing uniform ensemble model is de2de . the results are reported in tables 4 and 5 . the results also appear in the supplementary material for german language pair submission .
5 compares the performance of uniform ensembles and bi with varying smoothing factor . we observe small deviations from official test scores on the wmt19 test data are due to tokenization differences . uniform ensembling generally outperforms both uniform and bi in terms of overall performance . however , bi with a boost of 0 . 5 gives a slight improvement .
1 shows the bleu scores of the data sets from dev < cao et al . ( 2017 ) on the test set of escape ( the dev set ) in the distractor and fullwiki setting . the results are summarized in table 1 .
results on the test set are shown in table 3 . the gaussian models outperform the uniform ones in terms of performance .
2 presents the bleu scores on the development set of table 2 . our proposed model outperforms all the base models with a gap of 2 . 5 bleus in the development set .
1 shows the performance of each category compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . our system obtains the best performance with a minimum of 80 % accuracy on average .
3 shows the f1 scores of all models trained on the proposed hosg framework for the task . we show the results for each domain as shown in table 3 . in general terms , the method performs better than the previous state - of - the - art model on all three domains . for the vqa dataset , we show the mean ± sem result on the object and the distance measured on the corresponding training set . the hosgs method outperforms both the baseline and the object with a large margin . we observe that the precision obtained by the method is crucial for the model to achieve outstanding results . it helps the model achieve the best results with a minimum of 80 % precision .
4 presents the evaluation results on the dataset of polysemous verb classes by korhonen et al . ( 2003 ) . the best performances are obtained by the lda - frames method , which achieves 60 % f1 score and 35 % f2 score .
performance of french - english models compared to english ones is shown in table 1 . the performance of our model according to the best state - of - the - art performance can be seen in the table .
4 shows the performance of french - english models compared to english ones . the best performance is achieved by rr , which verifies the competitiveness of our method .
1 summarizes the scientific data set from conll2003 and word2vec datasets . from the reuters rcv1 corpus , we obtain 13 scientific data sets and 9 abstractive ones . they include 13 scientific entity types and 9 measure - based ones . the abstractive nature of each entity is presented in tables 1 and 2 .
4 shows the correlation coefficients between similarity measures and the effectiveness of pretrained models . the results are shown in table 4 . for tvc , we use negative correlation coefficients and ppl scores . these coefficients vary between 0 . 1 ( negative correlation ) and 0 . 7 ( positive correlation ) . the difference between positive and negative correlation shows that the pretrained model has a better performance .
5 compares the performance of our best performance models on much larger corpora . we choose to use glove embeddings instead of word vectors . the results are presented in table 5 . the best performance on large corpora is obtained using the lms elmo and jnlpba . the two widely used word vectors are named after their scientific evaluations ( e . g . , their derivational evaluations are published in the journal scienceie , and their abstractions are used in the word2vec task .
6 shows the impact of hyper - parameter setting on the performance of pretrained word vectors . we observe that , let alone a drop in performance , " opt " significantly boosts the predictive performance over " word2vec " . however , it does not improve significantly over " def " or " wetlab " .
3 shows the types of discrepancy caused by deixis ( excluding anaphora ) , and the percentage of instances where the speaker / addressee gender have the same utterance .
evaluation we report on subsets of thyme dev ( in f - measure ) . the results are shown in table 1 . the summets of event × event ( ee ) and timex3 × event are of sizes 3 . 3k and 2 . 7k respectively . the performance of rc with random initializations is very similar to rc with different argument token frequency . however , rc with sglr features is comparable with rc with 50 % of the original argument tokens .
results are shown in table vii . the best performing model is named tempeval ( which uses random initialization ) and sg fixed initialization . the results are presented in tables vii and viii . with specialized resources : < cao et al . ( 2017 ) and parallelism ( 2017 ) , all the specialized resources are available .
errors on 50 fp and 50 fn are shown in table 3 . the most common error categories are : newlines , cross - clause relations ( sg fixed ) and sentence boundaries ( sg init . ) frequent arguments are also rare in ground - truth , but they are rare in rc . they are not mutually exclusive .
2 shows the results for all the models that we trained on the three datasets in our experiment . as the results show , the improvement over random is significant ( p < 0 . 05 , also for the following results ) . however , the biggest improvement is in hate speech , which significantly improves over ling + n2v .
performance for all languages is reported in table vii . most of these models perform poorly on synthetic datasets , so we see lower performance for synthetic ones .
4 shows the types of discrepancy in context - agnostic translation caused by ellipsis . we report the percentage of instances where the wrong morphological form or the wrong verb caused the discrepancy .
results in table 1 show that the two models achieve the best performance with a f - score of 0 . 8 on the sst - 2 dev set . however , the difference between the mean of predicted positive class probabilities and f - m indicates that the sentences with female nouns have higher probability of class probabilities to have negative class probabilities .
1 shows the cosine similarity and sd scores of the models trained on the unseen and unseen datasets . unseen models perform slightly better than the unseen models , however , their similarity and similarity are still significantly worse than those of the unseen models . the unseen model outperforms both the seen and unseen ones in terms of both the similarity and the similarity scores .
6 shows the bleu scores of cadec models trained with p = 0 . 5 . the results are not statistically different from the baseline ( 6m ) . in fact , cadec even outperforms concat and s - hier - to - 2 . tied by a significant margin .
2 shows the f & c dataset size . we represent the original dataset with all the labels representing the original labels . subset labels represent the subset labels which are inferable by the resource .
4 shows the results on the noun comparison datasets . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of both f & c and new data test .
results on the relative dataset are shown in table 5 . the best performing model is doq + 3 - distance , which surpass previous work by a large margin .
7 presents the performance of our method / data on the number of objects which our proposed median fall into within the range of our proposed object . it can be observed that the accuracy obtained by the indian annotators is considerably lower than the reported performance by the us ones .
simplify our dataset , we have decided to focus our attention on the three aspects of the word concreteness score that are most closely related to the word " sentence " . as can be seen , the frequency with which the word fragments are associated with the pronoun incidence is extremely low , with an average error of 0 . 41 and a precision rate of 4 . 38 . we have found that the frequency associated with these three components can significantly improve the pca score for the given sentence .
performance of the bert pre - trained models on the satire articles is shown in table 2 . the best performing model is the text body , with a f1 score of 0 . 72 and r2 . 03 .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on the latest relevant context for the three domains . we observe that for both domains , concat and s - hier - to - 2 . tied perform best in terms of lexical cohesion .
3 shows the results of our method for classification of fake news and satire articles using the multinomial naive bayes method . the best performing bert model is shown with ’ * ’ indicating significant performance differences with the baseline .
performance on aida - b ( test set ) is shown in table 1 . the ment - norm model outperforms the other methods in terms of f1 scores , however it has the advantage of having a pad .
observe that our method outperforms the best previous methods in terms of performance on three of the four benchmarks ( emnlp , guorobust and rel - norm ) in all but one of these .
2 compares the performance of the proposed lstm variants with the traditional cross - validation setup . the results are presented in tables 2 and 3 . we observe that the proposed variants achieve unrealistically high performance when trained with multiple sub - dialogues in the train and test sets , as shown in fig . 2 . the performance of our proposed variants is significantly better than those by bilstm + att .
8 shows the performance of ellipsis on the test set of hotpotqa . in general terms , the performance is comparable with that of concat , but on the larger test set , our model obtains a better performance .
3 compares the performance of the proposed lstm variants with the dialogue - wise cross - validation setup . the rach et al . ( 2017 ) model performs best in all evaluation metrics , with the exception of the one with attention mechanism . the bilstm + att performance is slightly better than the other two models with different attention mechanisms . we note that the fact that the attention mechanism alone does not improve the uar performance by much ( p < 0 . 01 ) in the standardization setup .
performance of our models for ner performance with our dataset is shown in table 1 . we report the f1 - measure results over 10 replications of our training with the same hyper parameters as our model .
evaluation results shown in table 2 show that our models perform well over 10 replications of the training set .
results for fasttext and glove are shown in table 1 . the state - of - the - art bioelmo models show an absolute improvement of 4 . 97 % and 1 . 36 % over the performance of the baseline models . additionally , the knowledge graph information obtained from romanov and shivade ( 2018 ) and their work on the topic of sentiment and word2vec have been shown in the tables 1 and 2 . these results show that the combination of knowledge graph and sentiment information can further improve the model performance .
results for different probabilities of using corrupted reference at training time are shown in table 9 . for ellipsis , we show inflection / vp scores of 2 . 5 and 6 . 5 respectively compared to the previous state of the art system . as expected , the system performs poorly when trained with corrupted reference , as measured by bleu scores of 1 . 7 and 8 . 5 .
5 shows the accuracy of the traditional classifier in phase 2 given documents from unseen locations as well as the percentage of unseen instances as well .
performance of our models on the fine and fine metrics is reported in table vii . we observe that our superior model performs better than both the original and the enhanced models using glove feature .
2 presents the performance of our approach with respect to entity prediction . our approach achieves substantial gains over naive augmentation and achieves the best performance with a gap of 10 . 2 % in f1 score .
1 shows the performance of all models trained on the same domain . our proposed approach outperforms both the original and alternative approaches . we observe that both the el & head baseline and the hypernyms baseline perform better when trained with the correct set of parameters .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the augmentation and filter & relabel tasks . we observe that our proposed bertbase model outperforms all the models except for the one that has the elmo w / o augmentation .
5 shows the average number of examples added or deleted by the filtering function per example . it can be seen that all the filtering functions have a significant impact on the performance of the model .
1 shows the performance of the ubuntu and samsung qa datasets in terms of the messages and the response generated . the messages and response are { context , { response } in total , while the message is { message } in all but one case . as expected , the message and response generated by the two models are significantly less accurate than the messages generated by other models .
results reported in table 3 show that the best performing ubuntu - v1 model performs in the 10r @ 2 range . our model obtains the best performance with a gap of 2 . 5 % in the training set .
results in table 5 show that our approach outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in terms of both accuracy and recall .
results for the samsung qa dataset are shown in table 5 . the best performances are obtained by the han models ( hdrde - ltc ) in the 2r and 10r @ 5 sets .
2 compares the performance of our model with the baselines . we observe that our iwaqg module performs significantly better than the baseline model , indicating that our model has superior generalization ability .
performance of all models is reported in table vii . the most representative ones are iwaqg ( 73 . 8 % ) and qg * ( 71 . 8 % ) . these models perform on par with the best performance on three of the four scenarios .
4 shows the recall of the interrogative words of the qg module without our interrogative - word classifier zhao et al . ( 2018 ) . in addition , we note that our model obtains the best performance when using only interrogative word classifiers , and only when using them in the production setting .
6 shows the ablation study results of our interrogative - word classifier . accuracy of our model improved significantly with the addition of ner .
7 shows the precision and recall of interrogative words . our interrogative - word classifier improves the recall and precision by 3 . 8 % in the standard task formulation . however , it does not improve the precision considerably .
statistics on forests generated with various γ ( upper half ) and k ( lower half ) metrics are shown in table 1 . as can be seen , all the models generated with these metrics have low γ or k scores .
results of biocreative vi cpr are shown in table 2 . the results show significant over deptree at p < 0 . 01 with 1000 bootstrap tests .
results on pgr testest are shown in table 3 . the results indicate significant significance over our method over the previous state - of - the - art models .
results on task 8 of semeval - 2010 are shown in table 4 . the results show that our method significantly improves the f1 score by 3 . 8 points over previous state of the art models .
performance of all training instances on the macro - news dataset compared to cnn is reported in table 4 . all the training instances trained on cnn are significantly worse than those on pcnn .
results of ablation study with pcnn are presented in table 2 . our system outperforms all the base lines with a gap of 10 . 5 % in training performance .
1 shows the spearman correlations with wordnet similarities ( left ) and human judgments ( right ) . the most striking thing about it is that it closely matches the strongest neural network , path2vec , with an absolute improvement of 3 . 6 points .
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing models are lch ( wordnet ) and wup ( word2vec ) . the worst performing model is zp , which performs slightly worse on random sense than on the graphnet dataset . we observe that wup significantly outperforms the other two models in terms of both performance and recall scores .
3 compares the performance of our method with previous approaches on the rareword set , measured as ρ × 100 on a 20 - million token dataset and polyglot on a 1 . 7b - token dataset . we observe similarity across the three approaches . the difference between the size of the word embeddings and the average number of pairs is small , but significant . we note that the training set size and the number of tokens in our rareword dataset are small , so we cannot compare them .
3 shows the performance of all the systems for the comparison task . epmi and mtr achieve state - of - the - art results with a minimum of effort on both systems . retrieval and multi - factor learning methods dominate the performance for both systems , with the exception of seq2seq . all the systems trained on the same dataset ( except for the one that is used for the validation task ) are comparable in terms of performance on both datasets .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained with a single tag . with the help of psg , we can see that all the models trained on the data are comparable in terms of performance . when trained with only one tag , the performance gap between kk and lv is less than 1 . 5 % in both cases .
3 shows the performance of all models when they are trained on the same data . the results are presented in table 3 . as the results show , when only using one data source , the performance drops significantly when trained on multiple data .
3 shows the percentage of missing embeddings for each language compared to the previous best performing state - of - the - art model . we observe that most of the languages we trained on had missing embedding , so we observed lower performance for all languages we tested .
1 shows the human and linguistic performance of our proposed system in the context of grocery shopping . the results are presented in table 1 . the linguistic model performs significantly better than the human model in all but one of the scenarios we tested . additionally , the language accuracy and lexical accuracy are comparable , but the difference between the accuracy and the speed at which a model can be trained and tested on a single dataset is much smaller .
3 shows the performance of our models on the validation set of the standard decoder and the multi - decoder decoder . we show the results of our model with respect to the decoder and the decoder . we observe that our decoder receives significantly better performance than other models with different features , such as the encoder and decoder p @ 1 scores .
3 shows the performance of the baselines trained on the word " human " . in general terms , the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the accuracy obtained by baselines is significantly worse than the original human model ( p < 0 . 001 ) .
performance of our models on the word2vec test set is presented in table 4 . we observe that the friendly and glove embeddings perform slightly better than the other models on both metrics , with the exception of the sp - 10k model .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the word2vec embeddings in the d - embedding task . as we can see , the most representative model is dobj , which significantly outperforms the dobj model in terms of verb and adjective scores .
4 compares the performance of our mwe model against language models on the ws task . overall performance , embedding dimension , and training time are reported in table 4 .
compare the performance of different training strategies in terms of overall ws . as table 5 shows , the two approaches perform comparably to each other with a smaller margin .
3 shows the performance of single transformers trained to convergence on a 1m wat ja - en , batch size 4096 . the trained transformers have a significantly higher learning rate compared to linearized derivation . as table 3 shows , when trained with a single transformers , the learning rate drops significantly as the training set grows .
4 shows the performance of all the models for the wat17 evaluation . the first evaluation result included for comparison is 28 . 4 % improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model on ja - en . transformer also outperforms seq2seq in terms of bleu and test bpe , as expected , morishita et al . ( 2017 ) and paralleu achieve the best results .
5 shows the performance of the ja - en transformer ensembles compared to plain bpe baseline . as shown in table 4 , using bootstrap resampling improves the performance for all models except for the one that use pos / bpe embeddings . table 5 shows that the improved performance for both models is due to the reduced cost of using bootstrapping resamspling .
3 shows the english and spanish descriptions for each language . we report the results for english , spanish , french , russian , turkish , russian and turkish . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that basic and unk embeddings dominate all the other languages , so the difference in performance between the two sets is less pronounced for english . however , for spanish , we observe that the difference between the quality of the en - de and out - of - vocabulary en - disambiguation is very small .
performance of wiki5k compared to other top - performing systems is presented in table vii . the results are presented in tables vii and viii . we observe that the performance of the word " democracy " compared to udpipe is significantly better than that of " democracy " .
3 shows the performance of wiki5k models in terms of expansion . the results are presented in table 3 .
3 shows the maximum perturbation space size in the sst and ag news test set , which is the maximum number of forward passes per sentence to evaluate in the exhaustive verification set . we also include the sg - character length in table 3 , which shows the diminishing returns from using character substitutions .
3 presents the results of all models trained on the oracle data augmentation set . the results are presented in table 3 . all the methods used by the models except the sst - word - level achieved the highest acc . acc . result . on the other hand , the best performance is obtained using the verifiable ( ibp ) method .
no - anonymized models outperform the majority in all but one of the cases when using only plain averaged word embeddings . for the other two models , we see that the accuracy obtained by the anonymized model is lower than the majority model , indicating that the model performs better in the low - supervision settings . finally , the accuracy remains high even under the difficult requirement of anonymization .
1 compares the performance of our approach with the best performing ones using 500 clusters or number of test data . we observe that our approach obtains the best performance in terms of multi - to - one labeling across all three languages .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained on the domain of domain - aware domain . we observe that the best performing model is the one that adapts the best to the domain domain .
3 compares the performance of our combined cipher - avg and a supervised tagger with the best performing cipher grounder . we observe that en and fr have comparable precision , recall , and f1 scores , but the difference is less pronounced for plain - text encipher .
4 shows the performance of unsupervised pos tagging on mal ( see table 4 ) . our proposed system outperforms all the base lines with a gap of 10 . 57 % in accuracy .
1 shows the performance of the models trained on the gold and silver captions for the gold captions . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that it is trained on . it is clear from the table that all the captions possessed by the model belong to the same class and should not be confused with other models . the following table compares the performances of all the models using the same vocabulary .
overall ( all labels ) and for all labels ) we see that all the models perform comparably to each other in terms of f1 score .
1 shows the performance of all the languages for each domain for the validation set . our proposed system is based on the best available stateof - the - art datasets . all the data used for validation are in table 1 .
3 shows the performance of all the models on the single dataset with respect to ensembles . we observe that the best performance is on the dataset en , where only the best performances are obtained . also , we observe that our approach significantly outperforms the best state - of - the - art on all the datasets except for the one on the ecb database , where we observe performance drops significantly .
4 shows the absolute error and significance of our ρ for each case importance . for bow - svr , we report . 369 ± . 000 error and . 527 ± . 024 a * error . for bigru - att ( which relies on word analogy instead of word analogy ) , we observe that the majority of cases are extremely important , and spearman ’ s ρ is considerably less important .
results are shown in table 2 . the best results for the two models are obtained by wang et al . ( 2015 ) and camr ( 2016 ) . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 .
3 presents the results of the best performing models for each domain . our proposed system outperforms all the other models except for the one that has been labeled as unlabeled . the results are presented in table 3 .
results are shown in table 2 . the first results show that our system outperforms all the other systems except for the one that has the noconceptrule label .
3 shows the test set for decoding . it can be seen that the worst performing system is theterminal one , and the worst is the one that is the most difficult to reach .
2 shows the distribution of the train , dev , and test set according to the training set size . for the sad subset , we label our train with the number of words and the average size of the test set . in comparison , for the anger subset , our train has 15 . 69 words and 6 . 79 examples of words .
observe that the macro - f1 scores computed by bert and hrlce are significantly worse than those by sld , indicating that the model is more sensitive to the emotions of the four models .
3 presents the intrinsic evaluation results . our evaluation results show that our approach significantly improves the task performance by increasing the f1 by 3 points .
4 shows the performance of our model on the newswire dataset . our aligner improves the performance by 3 . 6 points in the parsing results .
1 shows the performance of our single parser on the newswire domain in the low - supervision settings . we present the results of our ensemble with word , pos and our aligner . our single parser : word only , pos only and our aligner is 69 . 2 % better than our ensemble . word only and pos only have a gap of 2 . 6 % in performance .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained on a single dataset . our proposed system outperforms all the models except dynsp except for one , where it obtains the best performance . we observe that for all models our proposed system performs better than both the original dynsp and the original campsp models .
experimental results for all models are shown in table 9 . the results are in the average order of percentage points . for all models , we observe that the location and the type of domain specific protein are the most important factors in the performance of the model . 6 , 7 , 8 and 9 respectively . the effect of location and type of protein on the model performance is very small , in most cases the model performs poorly .
3 shows the performance of our model on the entity and entity metrics . biocreative ii outperforms all the state - of - the - art models with respect to f - score .
1 shows the total number of words for each category in the notes dataset for the two languages . originally , all the words for the three languages were used for the news dataset . since this is a small dataset , we only included them in the total . however , for the five languages where the word " news " was used , we included only the words " abc " and " bible " .
2 shows the performance of the confusion matrix for test data classification . predicted sg and predicted pl are significantly worse than the actual numbers ,
3 shows the agreement patterns across all languages . for each language , we show the percentage of words spoken that are notional and notional , compared to the percentage notional . for all the other languages , we see that " bible " and " news " are the most distinctive ones , while " vernacular " is the least distinctive . the two newswire and newswire domains are the only ones that do not include the word " error " .
3 shows the number of propositions per type in ampere . according to the table , there are 15 types of propositions which are considered as a challenge to the verifiable belief system .
results are shown in table 4 . the best performance by our method is marked with ∗ on the test set of mcnemar and rst - parser . however , our method significantly outperforms all the comparisons except bilstm - crf - joint , which shows significantly better performance .
3 provides detailed results on the mae and ran scores of all 3 models . our proposed l - bilstm outperforms both the uds - ih2 and the meantime baseline in terms of mae performance . the proposed model achieves the best performance on both metrics with a gap of 3 . 0 points from the last published results ( moen et al . , 2015 ) .
3 presents the results of the systems with predicted segments and gold - standard segments . the results are summarized in table 3 . as the table indicates , the system performs better than other systems with a large pool of segments in terms of both estimate and actual segments ,
5 shows the performance of our model and its hyperparameters . we observe that the number of encoders is very small , only about 2 decoders per layer . the attention type is relatively small , however we see that it has a significant impact .
2 shows the results on the wmt17 it domain test set in german . our model outperforms all the other models except for bojar et al . ( 2017 ) and varis and bojar ( 2017 ) .
3 shows the performance of our model on each property . the best performing model is word2vec cbow .
6 shows the mean and mean predictions for uds models trained on linear ( l - bilstm - s ( 2 ) ) and tree models on uds . our model obtains the best performance with a low correlation with human judgement . we observe that for all three models , the mean is significantly better than the baseline .
1 shows the lexicons used as external knowledge . sentiment and emotion are the most prevalent forms of emotion , followed by sentiment and emotion . however , sentiment is the least prevalent , at 15 % and emotion is 15 % prevalent .
show the performance of all models trained on the selected training data . the most representative ones are the sst - 5 , sent17 and irony18 . these models perform on par with the best performing state - of - the - art models . however , they have the smallest performance on the scv1 and scv2 datasets .
can be seen in table 6 the extent to which our proposed method can be improved with a reasonable improvement in interpretability . further , we can see that the proposed method significantly improves interpretability without sacrificing too many interpretability points .
2 compares the performance of our global metrics and the corresponding topic - word matching annotations . the results are summarized in table 2 . the global metrics perform better than the siguni metric , but are slightly worse than the nyt metric .
3 compares the performance of our method with the best local and global topic quality . we include metrics measuring the quality of our shared topic - word matching annotations in table 3 . as expected , the local metrics are significantly worse than the local ones , and switchp has higher topic quality than switchvac .
performance of all models according to their auc is reported in table vii . the results are summarized in tables vii and viii . the most striking thing about the results is that the accuracy drop significantly after applying the method on the last three locations .
3 shows the performance of all feature groups for each category as explained in table 3 . loc and entity are the most important ones for auc performance . they perform better than all the other feature groups except for the frequency group , where their performance is significantly worse .
notable attributes of 50 instances from uds - ih2 - dev with highest absolute prediction error . as shown in table 7 , annotation is incorrect 13 times , constituting a future event or a future state . in addition , a question or a statement is incorrect 10 times as often as an action or a state .
5 shows the similarity between event entity pairs in pre - trained embeddings . ( e ) shows that the presence of the closest kernel mean after training gives the best performance . ( f ) shows the same performance as the absence of a significant kernel mean . ( w ) shows a slight increase in performance compared to attack .
3 shows the unique grams and unique metrics for each self category . we show that bert and bert significantly outperform their base models in terms of both unique and unique metrics . the fact that the bert model is significantly larger than bert ( by a significant margin ) in both cases shows that the size of the unique metric and the number of unique metrics contribute to the overall improvement of the model .
3 shows the quality metrics of model generations . we benchmark against the three baselines ( the wt103 and tbc datasets ) and gpt ( the smaller - scale corpus - bleu ) . the results are shown in table 3 . while the two baselines generally perform better on standard datasets , the gap between the two is narrower on the largescale wt103 .
1 shows the performance of all methods for edit distance 2 on the ecb + corpus . our proposed method outperforms all the methods except aida - b and aquaint on both benchmarks , while surpassing our strong lemma baseline by 3 . 5 points .
2 shows the f1 scores of our model when it is supervised and fully - supervised on aida conll . when it is completely supervised , it achieves the best f1 score of 91 . 55 . on both aida and aida - b datasets , the model achieves the highest average score of 87 . 55 and 91 . 86 respectively .
3 presents the results of an ablation study on aida conll development set . our model obtains a f1 score of 88 . 05 and 82 . 41 , respectively , compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
performance of our model by ner type on aida - a is shown in table 4 . our model obtains the best performance with 96 % accuracy on a single dataset .
3 shows the performance of all mwe based and non - based models when combined with mwe - based and discontinuous embeddings . all three models perform similarly , with the exception of epmty , which is arguably more difficult to solve .
9 shows the mae of both models for uds - ih2 - dev and l - bilstm ( 2 ) - s + lexfeats . as the table indicates , both models rely on infinitival - governed verb embeddings to predict events . we notice that the presence of verbs in the second sentence of the sentence leads to predictions on events that are difficult to predict . it is clear from table 9 that the use of lexfeats leads to incorrect predictions .
2 compares the performance of our systems on test data in terms of mwe - based f - score . our proposed system outperforms all the other systems except for the discontinuous one , where it obtains the best performance . as table 2 shows , the h - based systems outperform both the gcn - based and the shoma systems on all the tests ,
3 presents the performance of the pretr . baselines as pretraining tasks and the cola baseline as additional tasks for the task being trained . as these baselines are only used as pretraining tasks , we also include the fact that the sst and mrpc baseline have completely different performance on the task as described in the previous section . the sst baselines and the mrpc baselines are both state - of - the - art ( mrpc and wnli baselines ) and are comparable in performance .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained with intermediate task training . in general terms , all models perform better than the previous state - of - the - art models on all tasks . however , the exception of the cola elmo is the only one that performs better on the full task training set . table 3 presents the results of the models trained on the instructional and task training set . the mrpc and qqp elmo with intermediate task training scores are reported in table 3 . the evaluation results of both the original and the debiased models can be seen in table 1 . the qnli and rte models perform slightly worse than the other two models on both tasks .
performance of our models on the word " empty " and " nec " task is reported in table iii . the top performing models are : cola , sst and qnli ( which do not generalize well ) and mnli .
statistics in wikipedia are shown in table 1 . the most prevalent ne - tags are the date , time , duration , set ( temporal ) and value ( hence , the number of ne tags ) which have a significant impact on the ranking performance .
2 shows the quality of the wikidata entities as subjects ( # s ) and the f1 scores of each predicate as subjects ( p = 0 . 005 ) for each predicate ( p < 0 . 001 ) . the only - nummod entity in table 2 shows lower performance than spouse , child , and the other two baselines . we conjecture that the presence of such entities in the corpus of the two documents ( p , r , and f1 ) may have a significant impact on the performance of the corpus as it contains the personal ground truth of the child ( p ) , and the extent to which it can be extracted from the documents of the third party .
can be seen in table vii the performance of int models compared to other models under various categories . for example , int models outperform all the other models except for the one that we included in this analysis , namely , word , lstm and word . however , the difference between int and w2v is much smaller .
2 shows the las improvements by cnn and lstm in the iv and oov cases on the development set of table 2 . these models outperform the previous stateof - the - art models on all three cases , except for the ones where they do not have significant performance improvement .
3 shows the performance scores for different language combinations for the different train and test dataset combinations . for russian , we report results in table 3 . as expected , the performance drops significantly for all the languages except russian , ukrainian , russian and ukrainian .
1 shows the bleu and match % scores over held - out test set and the weighted average match percentage of all match types . our model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models except for the one that had the gold and silver mrs as its base .
seen in table 3 , the size of the emb size and the number of frames taken to decay are the most important factors in the evaluation performance . the lstm layer has a relatively small size and therefore performs poorly on the learning rate . we observe that the size and type of emb size are very important for the evaluation results to be accurate .
input : we show the results of models using only plain averaged word embeddings for input . the results are summarized in table vii . we observe that for all models with only one input , the average f1 score is significantly lower than those using onlychar lstm and no seg features .
results in table 1 show that when only using plain averaged gold seg with char and bichar lstm as inputs , the model performs slightly better than other models when trained with onlychar or char + bichar .
6 presents the results on msra . our model outperforms all the base lines with a gap of 10 . 57 % in f1 score .
results on resume ner are shown in table 8 . the best performing models are lattice , word and lstm .
3 shows the results for english – estonian . estonian character - f and bleu scores in percentages are in the low - single digits , further adding multiple layers improves the results . we notice a drop in performance between en - et ( which takes the form of a single layer ) and dev embeddings . however , this drop is not significant because we do not need to add multiple layers to the model .
3 presents the performance of our baselines on the en - de news commentary task . our baselines basic and supervised ( avg . ) outperform all the baselines except for the one that is pre - trained and applies only to pbsmt . ( mikolov et al . , 2017 ) and parallelism . the pbsmt model outperforms both the other baselines in terms of performance .
3 shows the ablation results for a model trained with gold data only . results of gold data ablation show that the only missing node features are num , tense , and tense .
3 presents the performance of our baselines on the en / out transformation tasks . our proposed system outperforms both the original pbsmt and the dual - 0 model by a noticeable margin .
1 shows the performance of our baselines on the coreference tasks of soft ‡ and distill † . our baselines outperform all the baselines except for the one that we use for embeddings . in general terms , we observe that our proposed framework outperforms all the baseference methods except for those using pascal voce .
4 shows the results on the official iwslt17 multilingual task . our baselines basic and pivot are better than our baselines pascal and word2vec , respectively .
5 shows the performance of our proposed iwslt17 model compared to other supervised and unsupervised models .
3 shows the performance of all models for each domain . our proposed system outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all three domains . for europarl , we report only the results of the models tested on the eur - parl dataset . subtitles include the en - de and en - ru embeddings . the results are shown in table 3 .
3 shows the bleu scores for the bilingual test sets . our model significantly outperforms the contextual baseline in all but one of the cases .
4 presents the bleu scores for the bilingual test set of en - de . the results are summarized in table 4 . the majority of the language in the context is current , although there is a minor percentage that is from previous turns .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the avgsimc and maxsimc datasets . the results are summarized in table 2 . for the two datasets , we observe that the maxsimc performance is significantly better than the original utdsm model , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing multiple metrics .
2 shows bleu scores for the domain match experiments in table 2 . for the two datasets , we used the best performing brown , brown , and giga datasets .
2 compares the performance of our method and maxcd on multi - class text classification . the results are summarized in table 2 . our method significantly outperforms the previous stateof - the - art methods in terms of precision and recall .
evaluation results on paraphrase detection task are shown in table 3 . our method outperforms both maxcd and maxcd in terms of f1 - score .
2 presents the macro - f1 score of unknown intent detection on snips and atis dataset . as expected , all classes are treated as known intents with different proportion ( 25 % , 50 % ) and 75 % of classes are considered to be in the " unknown intent " dataset . however , msp and lof ( softmax ) show very high accuracy on both datasets .
statistics with and without the truncated average are presented in table 1 . ali = ( gi − i − 1γ ) = 3 for a wait - 3 system and ( y | = 4 ) for a similar system . as the table 1 shows , the time - indexed lag ali = i − i = 4 for a smooth setup , and al = ( k ) > 2 for a slow setup . when al is truncated , it scores as well as the mean of the data are less than 4 .
4 shows bleu scores for evaluating amr and dmrs generators on gold + silver training set . amr significantly outperforms dmrs on gold + silver training set , while dmrs performs slightly better on silver + gold .
3 presents the performance of all models in terms of the ensembles in question . all models perform slightly better than the others in all but the case of the multinli set , where the performance gap is most pronounced in the large multinli dataset . table 3 summarizes all the performance for each of the four categories . as we can see , all the models perform similarly to the other two categories when combined into a single set .
3 shows the bleu scores of all models trained on the same context . for the context model , we see that the number of features that are important for the development of the new model outperforms the others .
results are shown in table 3 . syntactic treedepth and syntactic topconst are the most representative features for each domain . semantic subjnum and semantic topconst perform best in all domains , with the exception of the one in the deep core where the syntactic relations are strictly contained . semantics with a gap of 10 . 5 % in performance is the most distinctive feature for the semantic part of the wordbase . we observe that all the semantic features belong to the same semantic group and that their semantic functions are specific enough to warrant a semantic label label . semantic part - of - speech embeddings and semantic threshold tags are also distinctive for the semantic tense domain .
3 shows the performance of all the models that belong to the sick - r and mpqa groups . the most representative ones are the sentiment analysis methods sst2 and sst5 , respectively , while the other two perform slightly better . sentiment analysis sst3 and its variants are qualitatively different from each other . the sentiment analysis method for the two domains ( sentiment analysis and paraphrase ) is qualitatively very similar , with the exception of the fact that it performs better on the validation set of the amqa group .
3 shows the performance of the 20 - ng models compared to previous stateof - the - art models . we observe that p - means outperforms the pca and sst - 5 in terms of f1 score . further , we observe that pca performs significantly better than the other two models on both datasets .
evaluation results shown in table 1 show that the pruned cnet outperforms the original ones by a large margin . the only exceptions are the slots / values scores that are below 0 . 001 and those that are higher than zero .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the weighted pooling method achieves the best performance with 96 . 2 % true pooling compared to the previous state - of - the - art method , however , when using only the best baseline for pooling , the results are still slightly worse than those using pruning or pruning . table 2 shows the performance of the different metrics for each metric as explained in the previous section . when pooling only the max pooling data is used , the average pooling time is set at 96 . 9 % for the baseline . further , the performance decreases when using the pruning data .
2 shows the dstc2 test set accuracy for 1 - best asr outputs of ten runs with different random seeds in the format average ’ sminimumminimum , and the result for each run that is considered in the second set is 98 . 7 % better than the original state - of - the - art train on transcripts .
2 shows the performance of each classifier after sentence splitting . the largest difference is in the gold class , where we base our sentence structure on the official prohibition list .
data are presented in tables 1 and 2 . the summaries generated by our data are aligned with the official news commentary data of the united states department of labor . the results are summarized in table 1 , where we apply the best performing feature set , i . e . , the word " sentiment " .
3 shows the performance of all models for the gold class compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . in general terms , all models performed worse than the others except for the one that obeyed the requirement for a gold class . the performance of the models that obtains the highest performance on gold class was significantly less than those of the others .
3 shows the bleu scores of all models that had access to this data . the first set of results in table 3 ( b3 ) involved both the original and the pseudo - parallel data . while the original data involved both ru and ru , the new data involved only the original ones . as expected , all the data in the second set was completely unsupervised .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performances are obtained on the 5 - way and 6 - way sets .
3 shows the results for the 5way and 5 - way datasets . results are shown in table vii . in general terms , the results are slightly worse than those of bert - pair ( which takes the pre - trained word embeddings and applies the same fine - tuning scheme on the other datasets .
results in table 1 show that our method outperforms other widely used methods in terms of both accuracy and gold scores . as the results show , the accuracy obtained by figer and its variants are significantly better than those by other methods .
1 shows the performance of our system when we switch from one label to another . our system performs well on both the validation and validation tasks , with the exception of the afet recorder . on the validation dataset , we get a 2 . 1 % increase in performance compared to the previous state of the art system .
are shown in table vii . they show the performance of the models trained on the cosmetically sensitive f1 - neigh test set in the low - supervision settings . we observe that the is_heavy model outperforms all the other models except for is_hard , which shows the less accurate performance . in particular , we observe that is_light and is_expensive are particularly difficult to distinguish from the more accurate is_nigh model .
4 shows the training times and parameters to learn . the training time and parameters taken to learn are shown in table 4 . when training with bilstm - att , the training time is 8h 30m and the parameters are 1 , 837m .
observe that all the models trained on the av - cos dataset are in the black - and - white range , so their performance is less than those of full_is_red . however , for the other two models , our results are slightly worse . we observe that the majority of the models we trained on were not particularly dangerous , but were more perilous .
3 shows the performance of the most popular snli models compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . for example , we observe that the mturk287 model obtains a better performance overall than the other two models . moreover , the better performance on the ws353 and simlex999 datasets indicates that the model is more suitable for the task at hand .
3 presents the results of all models for the three categories . all models except for the one that do not belong to the sst2 category are classified into sub - categories . mpqa is the most representative of all the models . it exhibits the best performance in terms of semantic similarity . most of the models are more than 50 % better than the others . categories include sst3 , sst4 and sst5 .
2 shows the performance of our system when trained with male pronouns . as expected , the system performs uniformly worse on " gotchas " than it does on “ rules ” and similar ones for other languages .
results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the base lines with a gap of 2 . 5 % in performance from our last evaluation ( fancellu et al . , 2018 ) . the statistics for b - 1 and b - 2 are broken down in terms of performance on automatic evaluation . the most representative models are dmn + and static memory ( which relies on syntactic or semantic information ) . the only exception is our data - to - seq model , which relies on semantic information extraction .
2 presents the performance of our approaches . our proposed system outperforms the strong baselines and the infersent baseline by a margin of 2 . 36 points .
1 shows the percentage decrease from baseline advdat score to baseline score ( 0 . 4 , 1 ) on account of the increased number of words in the word count dataset compared to the previous state of the art advdat dataset . with the exception of driving , we observe that there is no significant decrease in the average score compared to previous studies .
3 presents the results of models trained on the word " amh " and " porn " . our model outperforms all the models except for those trained on " uig " in terms of captions . we observe that amh model significantly outperforms both noreg and kutuz on all metrics except for the exceptional case of " kutuz " in which it obtains the best performance . the difference between srilm and skip - gram is less pronounced in the amh and porn contexts , but still suggests some reliance on pre - trained models for interpretability . the results of cbow are reported in table 3 .
2 compares the existing nl datasets with existing ones . we observe that most of the news clusters are news clusters , meaning that their event types are more important than the event types .
investigate the effects of mass preservation on the development set of deen ( see table 3 ) . we observe that without mass preservation , milk ’ s λ remains in the unreserved and unlabelled portions of the deen development set , and consequently suffers from low bleu performance .
4 shows the performance of the dblp : conf / acl / nguyentfb15 method in terms of schema matching . overall , odee - fer achieved a performance of 43 . 4 % f1 on the test set .
5 shows the performance of our method with respect to slot coherence . the results are summarized in table 5 . the only difference is that odee - fer has significantly worse performance on a single slot compared to odeefe .
2 compares the performance of our method with other widely used approaches . the results are summarized in table 2 . the most representative ones are ed ( 13 . 3 % ) and prefer - l ( 15 . 8 % ) .
performance of system / human compared to human is shown in table 3 . the percentage of n - grams in test abstracts that appear in the training data is 15 . 6 % ( paired t - test ) . system is consistently better than human in terms of performance ,
5 compares the performance of all the models with the baseline ones . our summaries show that meteor outperforms all the other models in terms of performance .
results in table 4 show that the gap between the performance of different lecturers and non - expert lecturers is very small . we observe that for all but one of these lecturers , there are statistically significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) differences in performance between the two categories . for the other two , we see a gap of 5 % between performance .
performance of all models is reported in table vii . we observe that for all models , the average performance of the models is significantly lower than those of the other two baselines . however , for all but vocal , the performance remains the same .
3 shows the performance of all models when combined with their s + p + i scores . overall , all models perform better than the random models except for tfn , which results in slightly worse performance than random models .
performance on the mednli task is shown in table 2 . the biobert model is trained on three different combinations of pmc and pubmed datasets ( top score marked as bold ) .
results are shown in table vii . the most representative models are the following : bilstm , rcn ( our ) and la ( our ) . however , the best performance is obtained on the two t - test sets , with the exception of bimpm , whose performance is slightly worse than the other two .
performance of our bert features ( 512 tokens ) + feed - forward models on set 3 is reported in table 3 . the accuracy on test set 3 shows that the bert features have a significant impact on the model performance .
performance across all models depending on the window position . simlex999 model achieves the best performance with a window position of 0 . 68 . on the other hand , the performance is slightly worse on the other two models .
performance across all models with and without cross - sentential contexts is reported in table 3 . the best performance is seen in the case of simlex999 , where both the error trees and the gw true embeddings belong .
performance across all models depending on the removal of stop words . as table 4 shows , the performance of the models with the most stop words removal is significantly worse than those without .
1 shows the performance of our system with respect to matched validation accuracies . we report the mean and the percentage of character embeddings for each method , broken down by the type of pooling method and the presence or absence thereof . we show the performance with 95 % confidence intervals over 10 runs , which shows the diminishing returns from pooling . when pooling , the two systems perform exactly the same ( i . e . , when pooling only the max and the last embedding , the performance drops significantly ) .
3 presents the performance of our best model broken down by genre . our cbow and esim models achieve state - of - the - art accuracies on three of the four datasets . the largest performance drop is on the travel dataset , which is reported in table 3 .
1 shows the performance of all bert models with different task metrics for different glue tasks . our model achieves the best performance with a 3 . 7x acc / acc score and a 62 . 2 % metric score .
3 compares our bpe and enfr scores with some recent points in the literature . we observe that lee2017 and wu2016 both outperform their counterparts in terms of bleu scores .
2 shows the performance of each bleu character compared to the other two languages . for example , deen and fien have significantly higher performance on the tokenized and sacrebleu char lines .
errors in the deen test set are shown in table 4 . error counts are based on the error counts of 1 , 2 , 3 and 6 instances .
results on wmt15 deen are shown in table 6 . our model achieves the best performance with a 3 layer encoder . the comp . column shows the number of computations carried out in the encoder and the average number of frames per layer . we observe that the bilstm performs significantly worse than the other two encoders .
3 shows the performance of our model on the μr and ef1 scores . our system outperforms all the base methods except bilstm except bert , which obtains the best performance . wiki + bert + wiki + pu achieve the best results on both metrics , with the exception of the one obtained by zubiaga et al . ( 2017 ) .
3 shows the average precision ( map ) of all models on the 2018 and 2019 speeches . the best performance is reported in table 3 , followed by the best performance by hansen et al . , 2018 .
4 compares the performance of the top 100 predictions by two different puc models with the original labels in each dataset . we observe that , let alone a drop in performance , the two tweets have significantly higher f1 scores compared to the previous state - of - the - art predictions .
positive and negative recall scores are shown in table vii . the strongest predictive performance comes from the standford corenlp dataset , where all the correct prediction methods are used . sentistrength ( which relies on word embeddings ) and word2vec topics are predictive of events with a significant number of errors . we observe that the positive predictive performance is relatively consistent across all three datasets , with the exception of the one where the accuracy drop is less than 1 % .
3 shows the performance of 10rv models compared to other widely used systems . for example , we see that for wordsim , the average number of frames is close to those of the other two models , with the exception of semeval17 , where we see a smaller performance gap .
1 shows the performance of all models trained on rnnsearch * except for those using zh ⇒ en embeddings . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that is using direct bias . we observe that for all the models our model performs slightly better than the others .
2 shows the results on the wmt english - german translation task . our proposed system significantly outperforms the vanilla transformer model in terms of translation performance .
3 shows the results on the iwslt task in table 3 . our shared language pairs belong to 5 different language families and are written in 5 different alphabets . the results on table 3 show that our approach has far superior performance compared to the previous approaches .
4 shows the performance of the models using different sharing coefficients on the validation set of the nist chinese - english translation task . our shared - private model outperforms both the vanilla and shared - private models in terms of bleu score . the results of the best performing model are shown in table 4 .
2 shows the performance of the brat learning method on ubuntu and macos . it takes 18 minutes to set up the tool and identify verbs in a 623 word news article . only one participant managed to install and use brat , taking 18 minutes on ubuntu . the differences between gate and either slate or yedda are significant at the 0 . 01 level according to a t - test .
evaluating the similarity scores of some of the models , we found that node2vec significantly outperforms syntree2vec and word2vec in terms of number of sentences in the multi - sentence task .
1 shows the asnq label descriptions . we use the word " no " in reference to answer sentence and " no " . as can be seen , the language used to describe the answer sentence in question is very similar to the one used in the original nlq .
models trained on roberta - l and bert - l datasets are shown in table 3 . wikiqa has the worst performance on map metric , with a significant drop in mrr from the previous state - of - the - art model ( tanda ) .
models trained on roberta - l and bert - l models are shown in table vii . the results of map modeling are broken down in terms of mrr and mrr . table vii shows that the performance of map models when trained with only one true complement is significantly better than those without .
3 shows the results for bert - base and wikiqa . when noise is added to the baseline without the noise fine - tuning , the results drop significantly . however , when no noise is applied to the map , the resulting noise is still significantly less than the noise fine - tuned baseline .
6 shows the impact of different labels on the performance of our model in fine - tuning bert . neg and pos refers to the number of pairs of question - answer pairs that are chosen for the task selection . as table 6 shows , for example , for wikiqa map , there are 4 pairs of terms that are considered to be important for sentence selection . neg : 2 , 3 pos : 4 is considered to represent the answer sentence selection process .
results in table 7 show that tanda and qnli outperform the baseline models in terms of bert - base and mrr scores . as table 7 shows , both the ft and asnq models perform better on the wikiqa dataset .
3 shows the performance of model and bert on the test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . the results are summarized in table 3 . bert and parallelism perform better than both the baseline models in terms of map and mrr , indicating that the model performs better on both sets .
report the effect of the classification term on the performance of the models in question . we find that for all models , there is a significant difference in performance between the two categories . according to the table , dif_how , on average , has 3 features and 3 categories .
1 and table 1 show the performance of our system in only a few lines using uniparse . the results show that the extremely broad standard deviation band under which our neural parser is trained can severely impact the results of the best - case scenario .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on the treebank ar_padt dataset . we observe that all the models we trained on had slightly higher performance on the baseline than our baseline model .
3 compares the quality of the word forms with the clustering performance of the original word forms . as can be seen , the jw and jw have similar performance in terms of clustering quality .
ii compares the performance of our models with pre - trained embeddings in table ii . we observe that our approach outperforms the approaches described in ( char - cnn ) and w2v ( skip ) in terms of the number of words in the dataset , while surpassing the strong lemma baseline by 3 . 8 points .
3 compares the accuracy of our ucl model with the previous stateof - the - art models . our model obtains the best performance with 86 . 7 % accuracy .
performance of the question generation system on fever dataset is shown in table 1 . as table 1 shows , training set and development set are the most efficient at converting questions to questions per claim .
performance of the training set and the test set on fever dataset is shown in table 2 . the training set achieved the best result with a score of 81 . 52 % and a margin of 0 . 67 % .
3 shows the test set size and the number of scenarios for each scenario . transductive scenario gap ( italic ) fm1 and wnli ( mikolov et al . , 2018 ) are presented in table 3 . as expected , the gap between the original scenario and the new scenario is narrower than expected for both scenarios . epm feature - values alone result in significantly better performance than the previous state - of - the - art model on both scenarios ,
iii presents the results of re - scoring our dataset in table iii . pretrained embedding outperforms pretrained embeddings , in that the sample size is larger .
3 presents the results of models trained on pre - trained word embeddings . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that is trained on unsupervised data ( e . g . , noreg , ppa , rn ) in terms of accuracy .
performance on non - wikipedia data is reported in table 2 . for reference , we report only the best performing embeddings for english . transsupervised performs slightly worse than exact , and is less accurate than trans - supervised .
3 shows the entity linking accuracy with pbel , using graphemes , phonemes or articulatory features as input . the pairs with the highest accuracy are marked with a " * " .
completeness , the results are shown in table 1 . as expected , all models only slightly outperform the baseline on three out of the four scenarios .
1 shows the performance of our model with respect to captions . we observe that for all models , the en + fr model performs better than the other two models in terms of recall .
2 shows the performance of our model with respect to word embeddings . we observe that for all models our model performs better than the other models when trained with only one type of object , such as word2vec .
3 shows the performance of our model in terms of image recall @ 10 on the multi30k dataset with different languages with muse as the source . we observe that for all models , our model obtains better performance than the models using en + fr + de .
4 shows the performance of our model in terms of image recall @ 10 on multi30k dataset with different languages with different embeddings . we show that our model outperforms the best performing en + fr model by a large margin .
performance for a randomly - selected validator per question is shown in table 1 . non - expert human performance shows that our proposed system works well in terms of both test and evaluation .
performance of our model on the precision and recall metrics is reported in table ii . the results are presented in tables ii and iii . we observe that when only using m1 - latent , precision is relatively high , while recall is low .
2 shows that the bi - lstm w / shallow features performs significantly better than the baseline model ( p < 0 . 05 , resp . ) , and the same performance for both mae and mape . further , we observe that the superficial cues that are better for both models are slightly worse for both the baseline and the newbie model .
model performance on imdb , news and snli datasets is reported in table vi . the results are reported in tables vii and viii . the results of these models appear to indicate that all the models are well - equipped to handle the task at hand .
3 shows the performance of our proposed model on the four news aggregators . our proposed model outperforms both yelp and ulmfit by a significant margin . on the other hand , it performs slightly worse on the three news aggregator , both in terms of accuracy and test error rate . snli and bertbase significantly outperform the others on both datasets when using only one error rate .
4 shows the effects on fine - tuning the bert - large model ( bert - l ) . for imdb and ag ’ s news datasets , we report accuracy ( 7 . 02 % ) and error ( 6 . 79 % ) . for the two news datasets , our bert model performs slightly better than the state - of - the - art model .
2 presents the results of automatic evaluation with perplexity . we observe that transdg performs similarly to the best performing copynet model on three of the four metrics ( hochreiter and schmidhuber , 2009 ) except for seq2seq , whose performance is significantly worse .
3 presents the performance of our model in terms of entity evaluation . our system performs better than both the baseline and the aggregated scores of all the other models except for seq2seq models . the results are summarized in table 3 .
4 shows the bleu scores of all models trained on the transdg network . the models perform better than the baseline on three of the four scenarios . seq2seq models perform slightly worse than the other two models .
human evaluation results are shown in table 5 . the first set of results show that the best performing models are seq2seq and transdg .
shown in table 7 , entity represents entity score and lleu - 2 represents relation score . transdg shows that it has better performance than other models that rely on word embeddings .
3 presents the results of our methods on the event coreference tasks . our method outperforms all the previous methods in terms of both event and topic coreference . it achieves state - of - the - art results on all three domains , with the exception of the bas .
1 shows the performance of the bi - lstm model compared to the greedy search method . the results show that the improved bleu score is more comparable to that of greedy search . we also observe that the look - ahead improves the model considerably .
3 shows the n - gram overlap between question and answer . the average number of words per question and question is 2 . 6 , compared to 3 . 2 for answer .
2 shows the performances of the lstm model trained on the wmt16 multimodal translation dataset with different la steps . we show that the improved bleu ( target len ≥ 25 ) and beam search method significantly improve the model .
3 shows the results of applying the la module to the transformer model trained on the wmt14 dataset . we find that the performance decreases when the la time step is less than 5 .
4 shows the results of integrating auxiliary eos loss into the training state . we find that using the greedy search reduces the performance of the model when using the two - step approach . moreover , the model is more robust when we consider the weight of the auxiliary loss .
evaluation results show that our proposed method outperforms the best state - of - the - art models in terms of translation quality . our joint self - attention model improves significantly over both the wmt ’ 14 en - fr and iwslt ' 14 de - en model .
results of text - line extraction on the diva - hisdb dataset ( see section iii - a ) are shown in table i . our proposed method significantly reduces the error by 80 . 7 % and achieves state - of - the - art results .
ii shows the results of the experiments shown in table ii . our proposed method significantly outperforms the state - of - the - art method in terms of the ground truth of the semantic segmentation at pixel - level . moreover , the accuracy of our method is comparable to that of other methods which do not use the same ground truth .
3 shows the performance of our model on the imagesentence retrieval and referit datasets . the results are summarized in table 4 . we observe that the embedding network performs significantly better than the original model on all datasets except for the one that is used in phase 1 .
1 shows the performance of all models trained on the same dataset on flickr30k . the results are summarized in table 2 . the best performing model is word2vec + wn ( p < 0 . 01 ) which achieves an f1 of 3 . 59 on average compared to the previous best performance of 69 . 0 on mscoco . referit also achieves a bleu - 4 score of 79 . 2 on the image - sentence retrieval and referit datasets . note that the embedding model requires significantly more data than the original embeddings .
3 shows the performance of our model with ft as the target and multi - task pretraining . we report accuracies and accuracy on the image - sentence retrieval scan and the phrase grounding qa r - cnn . grovle ( w / o multi task pretraining ) + ft improves the performance by 3 . 8 points in the fqa ban and 35 . 2 points in overall performance .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the image captioning bleu - 4 task metric and the image - sentence retrieval metric . we observe that combining multi - task pretraining and target task pretraining achieves the best performance with a gap of 10 . 5 % in the mean metric .
4 : consistency of the adversarial effect ( or lack thereof ) for different models in the loop when retraining the models with different adversarial effects from table 4 , we can see that our dbert model performs better than both the original and the original ones .
3 shows the bleu score of all the models trained on the distinct - 1 dataset . the performance of all models is reported in table 3 . all the models except seq2seq performed worse than the baseline on all but one of the cases . distinctive - 1 is the most difficult class to solve , and the only one that performs better than it is the other two .
3 shows the performance of all the models on the test set of dataset dbert . the results are shown in table 4 . table 4 shows the results for all the test sets . the performance of the model on the single test set is reported in tables 4 and 5 .
4 shows the bleu scores on the validation sets for the same model architecture trained on different data . we observe that both source and wikisplit are comparable in performance , but the difference is less pronounced for the splithalf model .
results are shown in table 6 . the best performing websplit model is ag18 , which takes the simple sentences predicted by each model and applies them to a random sample of 50 inputs . although the error reduction is slim , it is significant enough to result in a significant improvement in performance .
5 shows the results on the websplit v1 . 0 test set when varying the training data while holding model architecture fixed . our best model is ag18 , which has 60 . 4 bleu and 62 . 1 rleu . we also note that the reduced training data considerably reduces error generation .
2 shows the quality results for local embeddings . for embdi , we see that there are no significant differences in the average number of frames compared to the baseline .
3 presents the performance of the models for each category . embdi outperforms all the other models with a large gap in performance .
4 shows the f - measure results for the unsupervised and supervised settings . in general terms , all the supervised settings perform better than the supervised ones except for the one that is supervised by embdi . supervised deeper ( p < 0 . 001 ) and glove ( p ≤ 0 . 005 ) significantly outperform the supervised deeper . however , the difference between the performance of the two is much smaller .
performance of our model on the dataset dbert is reported in table 1 . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 . table 1 shows the performance of the models on the evaluation dataset . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on all metrics with a gap of 10 . 5 % on the validation dataset .
results of the automatic evaluation procedure on a random sample of 1000 sentences are shown in table 4 . our proposed system outperforms both the ldsc and samsa datasets in terms of same score .
6 shows the performance of our model in terms of grammaticality ( g ) , meaning preservation ( m ) and structural simplicity ( s ) on a random sample of 300 sentences .
1 , 2 , 3 and 5 different aspects of hate speech are presented in table 2 . golbeck and golbeck 2017 also provide detailed information on their dblp datasets , including the ablation numbers for each tweet , their target and the number of words for each sub - category . the results are broken down in terms of length and type of tweet , with the average length of tweets being 15 . 5 tweets and the average number being 20 .
3 shows the performance of our proposed dream - roberta model compared to previous state - of - the - art models . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
3 shows the performance of all models trained on directness and lr as compared to directness . the results are summarized in table 3 . directness is significantly better than lr and mtsl , both in terms of ar and micro - f1 scores , respectively .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models trained on the same domain . our proposed model outperforms all the other models in terms of ar and micro - f1 scores . the difference is most pronounced in tweet , where the average ar and average micro - f1 scores are significantly higher than those of other models .
1 compares the results of multilingual bert and the baseline on french and japanese squad . as expected , the results are significantly worse than those of the baseline in english , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing the truth and the correct answer .
2 shows the performance of our model on the multilingual squad datasets where we occur . for each language we obtain the best exact match , for each language , with the best f1 score . note that the row language is the one that is the most important for the model , and the corresponding column language is jap .
results are shown in table 2 . the large bert & bert models achieved the best results with a fever score of 71 . 57 on the unc [ unc ] test set and a 69 . 79 f1 score on the ukp - athene test set . table 2 also compares bert and bert ( pointwise + hnm ) with previous stateof - the - art models .
3 shows the bleu scores on the dgt valid and test sets of our submitted models in all tracks . our proposed model outperforms all the state - of - the - art models except for de .
6 shows the results of an english nlg comparison against state - of - the - art on rotowire - test . the results are shown in table 6 . our ( 4 - player ) model achieves a bleu score of 22 . 2 / 71 . 2 on the test , which is slightly better than puduppully et al . ( 2018 ) .
results in table 7 show that our proposed nlg model has 4 best players and 4 worst players . bleu averages over 3 runs . as table 7 shows , removing the most tags and shuffling the rest of the players results in a significant improvement .
3 shows the f1 score on the development set for low - resource training setups ( none , tiny 5k labeled danish sentences ) and small 10k labeled english sentences . neural transfer via multilingual embeddings ( 14k sentences / 203k tokens ) . finetune is able to transfer large amounts of data without a drop in performance . we also use the multi - resource approach of embedding multiple source data into a single sentence framework .
4 shows the f1 score for danish ner . our proposed system outperforms all the state - of - the - art systems except for bilstm , whose org scores are significantly lower than those of polyglot .
5 shows the performance of all models in terms of f1 scores according to the inspec metric . inspec , krapivin and semeval do not have significant performance improvement over the baseline on all metrics .
present mae and absent mae scores are shown in table 2 . the most representative models are catseq and catseqt , both of which are state - of - the - art models . as can be seen , both the oracle model ( which relies on word embeddings ) and the capsule - based model rely on significantly less data .
5 shows the ablation study results on the kp20k dataset . the results of " - 2rf1 " are shown in table 5 . we replace the adaptive rf1 reward function with a pair of f1 reward signals for all the generated keyphrases . however , the results are still significantly worse than those of catseq - 1 , indicating that our reliance on single reward signals leads to a less accurate model .
present the performance of all models when the new models are tested on the same dataset is reported in table iii . the results are presented in table ii . all the models except catseqd appear to have slightly better performance on the new dataset than on the old one . the absence of any significant difference in performance indicates that the model performs well on both datasets .
1 shows the bleu score of all models trained on the distinct - 1 and distinct - 2 test sets . as expected , all models only slightly outperform the other two baselines in terms of average test score . from the above table , we observe that the augmented reality models ( ar + mmi + rl ) are significantly better than the non - ar models ( except for the one that relies on word embeddings for classification .
3 shows the quality of our model with respect to content and content . our ar + mmi model achieves state - of - the - art results in terms of both accuracy and completeness , while its non - ar model achieves higher accuracy .
4 shows the performances of our nonar + mmi methods on the wmt14 and wmt16 ro → en datasets . the results from gu et al . ( 2018 ) are shown in table 4 . for reference , we apply flowseq - large ( raw data ) and inat ( mikolov et al . , 2018 ) . the performances are slightly better than those of previous works , but still comparable with previous work on both datasets .
3 shows the performance of different weighting variations evaluated on the german compounds dataset . the results on the test set are shown in table 3 . transweight achieves the best performance with n = 200 and the dropout rate that is observed to work best on the dev dataset . we observe that the variations used to calculate the final score of the compounds are slightly less accurate than transweight - mat , but still comparable to the performance obtained by the original embeddings .
3 shows the results for english and spanish for each language . all the terms used for this analysis are shown in table 3 . in english , we only use the word " noun " . all the other terms in the table are injective . we use them for word " noun " instead of " word " .
3 shows the performance of all models when combined with ent - sent and ent - dep . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . we observe that the cnn ent - dym performs particularly bad compared to ent - only on cnn , both in terms of f1 score and on the ent - notes metric .
2 shows the results of bertbase on five datasets with different epochs . the results are from the second set of results , which are reported in table 2 . we observe that bertbase significantly outperforms the sota model in terms of mrr and map scores . it is clear from the table 2 that the semantic information injected into the bert base by the additional epochs helps the system to improve interpretability and performance .
3 shows the performance of all models when combined with ent - sent and ent - dep . the results are presented in tables 3 and 4 . we observe that the cnn ent - dym performs particularly bad compared to ent - only on cnn , both in terms of f1 score and on the ent - notes metric .
results are shown in table 1 . the largest percentage of triples with semantic annotations is in opiec , while the smallest percentage with negative polarity is 15 . 5 % . this results show that the ability to link multiple words to one entity leads to a better understanding of the entity .
italic “ be wife of ” ( 1 , 842 ) and ( 6 , 273 ) as the above table indicates , the associatedmusicalartist is the most representative position for the two types of tasks , followed by the spouse . further , the performance gap between the two sets is larger than those of the other two groups ,
results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . the best performances are reported in the abstractions section . we observe that for all but one of the comparisons , the quality of the framenet is markedly better than the others . semafor and parallelism produce remarkably similar results , with the exception of the one in the distractor and fullwiki setting . the results are summarized in table 1 .
3 shows the performance of bertbase and bertlarge in test set of five datasets . the number of training epochs is 3 .
6 shows the performance of all the models using the hyperparametric tuning algorithm on the validation set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . we observe that the default class and the i2b2 class perform better when trained with a full complement of parameters . however , when trained using only the max - pooled class and only the dependency - based classifier , the performance drops significantly .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the original and the embeddings from the second set of models . the results are presented in table 3 .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the stacked learner dataset in the low - supervision settings . we observe that the approach developed by bert and tokens achieves the best performance with a gap of 10 . 57 % in performance compared to the previous state - of - the - art model .
machine translation tokenized bleu test results on iwslt 2017 de → en and wmt 2016 en → de . the results are summarized in table 1 . when the softmax transformation is applied to all the models , the results are slightly worse than softmax , but still superior to softmax .
results for c - lstm models trained with cc and arxiv embeddings are shown in table 6 . the results for both subtasks are very similar : the subtask model trained with the cc embedding improves the macro - and micro - f1 scores .
1 shows the performance of all the models compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . our model outperforms all the other models except for the ones that do not have g - ref feature on their test sets .
2 presents the results of an ablation study of the different attention methods for the multimodal features on the unc val set . the first study shows that the pixel attention method significantly outperforms the other two methods .
can be seen in table vii the performance of most models when trained on prec @ 0 . 7 and prec @ 0 . 9 . most models perform slightly better than their counterparts in iou . however , the exceptions are those that do not rely on pre - trained models like cmsa and rmi - lstm . these models perform on par with the best performance on iou and other widely used test sets .
experimental results of the second metric are shown in table 2 . for the first metric , we apply the best performance on model 1 . we observe that the accuracy drop significantly between model 1 and model 2 due to high variation in the number of parameters .
3 presents the performance of our model on the validation set of tf - idf glove in table 3 . our method achieves the best performance with 91 . 9 % accuracy on this metric .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained with the inspec and semeval framework . inspec significantly outperforms the random baseline in terms of f1 @ 5 and average f1 at 10 .
model f @ 5 and f @ 10 scores for each model are reported in table vi . the results are presented in tables vii and viii . all models except the transformer 80m are significantly better than the other models in terms of accuracy .
results are shown in table 2 . the first set of results show that the adversarial nature of a complaint leads to a better understanding of the complaint and the underlying cause . further , the second set shows that the complaint is not specific to a particular complaint but is caused by a variety of factors , including the presence of a non - urgent complaint in the system ( e . g . , a complaint about a domain or a deficiency in a domain ) . and the second set show the relations ( reactions ) and rejection ( disambiguation ) scores of all the models except for those that do not belong to this group .
are presented in table 1 . the first set of results show that for all but one of the cases , the label and the referral function are the most important components for improving the human interpretability of the word " disease " .
2 compares the quality of the training data and the average number of utterances for each training data . the statistics and label distributions of our data are shown in table 2 . for the two datasets , we trained on the word " animals " and " sentiment " datasets . while the average time to utterances per conversation is 15 . 5 seconds , the average length of dialogues is 17 . 3 seconds .
1 compares the performance of hotelqa and essentia on paraphrase extraction . our model outperforms both the baseline and the fsa baseline in terms of the number of pairs extracted .
5 presents the results for classifying r vs u in the br , us , and combined br + us dataset . the baseline score is 50 % , which means that our system can easily distinguish between the two sets of words .
2 shows the performance of 2 data types compared to the previous stateof - the - art models . the first data type is geth , followed by getq and headsers . we notice a noticeable drop in performance between the two types .
1 shows the performance of 2 data types compared to each other in terms of fast sync and compact sync . we observe that the headsers and headsers perform comparably to the other two data types , so we observe lower performance on compact sync and fast sync ethanos . further , we notice a drop in performance between the two types .
3 shows the performance of transformer - word models compared to other models in terms of bleu and mt02 . in general terms , the models perform better than both the original and the rnn - search - bpe models .
3 provides detailed results on the multi - granularity task . the results are presented in table 3 . the proposed bert outperforms all the models except for the one that is pre - trained on the task slc and task flc datasets . as expected , bert performs significantly worse than the joint model on both tasks , with a gap of 10 . 5 % in the flc metric .
performance on cqa dev - random - split with cos - e used during training is shown in table 2 .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to cqa v1 . 0 . the addition of cos - e - open - ended improves performance by 10 % over the state - of - the - art model ( talmor et al . , 2019 ) .
results on cqa dev - random split using different variants of cos - e for both training and validation . as can be seen in table 4 , the accuracy on the validation set is significantly better than that on the training set , as shown in the table .
6 shows the results for explanation transfer from cqa to out - of - domain swag and sotry cloze tasks .
1 presents the f1 score and ensembled f1 scores for the fa split and testing on the lqn split of redi et al . ( 2019 ) . the results are shown in table 1 . bert and pu achieve remarkably similar results across 15 scenarios , with the exception of one that has a citation but is not needing one . table 1 shows the results for both scenarios .
shown in table 1 , the number of synsets counted and the maximum depth of the hierarchy counted from ( and including ) the top synset of the domain , and the inter - rater agreement ( κ ) .
2 shows the performance of the most important words for each category . we ranked them in descending order of importance . the most important ones are food , gender , and word length . we also rank them in ascending order . we observe that most of the words we consider have low importance in our system .
3 presents the balanced accuracy and κ of predictions made in a new domain with or without normalization . with the addition of language modeling and text prediction features , the system performs better than the others on all three domains except the one that is considered in this report .
1 shows the distribution of the event mentions per token in the eventi corpus . for each metric , we report the number of tokens per token for each pos and the percentage of those tokens for each metric .
2 shows the distribution of the event mentions per class in all datasets that belong to the eventi corpus . in particular , we see that the i_state dataset contains 9 , 041 events , which means that there are about 900 , 000 mentions per dataset .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the ilc - itwack dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the fastext - it model outperforms all the other models except for the one that performs on the gold coast .
3 shows the bleu scores of the models trained on the proposed embeddings for the dist - 2 task . the results are summarized in table 3 . the hgn outperforms all the models except for the one that embedding has trained on . hgn performs particularly well in the inter - dist and dist - 4 task .
human judgments for models trained on the dailydialog dataset are shown in table 5 . our model shows a significant drop in performance compared to previous models ( e . g . , dialogwae - gmp ) on the informative dataset . also , the percentage of black - aligned models in the dataset that had the highest diversity was significantly higher than dialog - wae ( which had the lowest diversity ) .
2 compares the performance of our proposed methods and baselines . multiseq achieves the highest bleu score , but not significant , compared to seq2seq model . similarly , for all three aspects , the model achieves the best score .
1 shows the performance of our model in 5 runs on the development sets of both sparc and cosql . we report the best performance observed in our experiments with bert and cd - seq2seq . the results show the improvements are significant with p < 0 . 005 and the results show that our method are significant enough to improve the ques . match scores by 2 . 1 and 2 . 2 points over the baselines .
results are shown in table 1 . the proposed spon method outperforms all the base models with an average precision of . 87 .
results reporting average precision values on the unsupervised hypernym detection task are shown in table 4 . relu and tanh have low precision , indicating that the use of a residual connection does not represent a significant improvement in performance over the traditional relu layer .
5 : results on the unsupervised hypernym detection task for bless dataset . with 13 , 089 test instances , the improvement in average precision values obtained by spon as compared against smoothed box model is statistically significant .
results on the nyt50 test set are shown in table 2 . the difference in rouge score between the first and second sentences is very small ( p < 0 . 01 ) and the final sentences are much larger ( p ( cid : 0 . 01 ) .
results on the music and music discovery tasks are shown in table 7 . the best performing system is crim . the only system that performs better on the two domains is medical .
shown in table 1 , the embedding similarity scores between the real target output and the real target output are significantly less than the similarity scores in the rl beamsearch dataset .
3 shows the roc scores of all models trained on the amazon and bilstm datasets . while the hard model obtains a lower roc score , it has higher performance on the hard and hard subsets than the others . moreover , the sstm model performs on par with the hard subset and on both subsets .
4 shows the performance of our annotators and the observed agreement ( ao ) score for gold standard gold standard dialogue . the results are summarized in table 4 . our annotators have the highest performance on both questions and answers , with an absolute improvement of 0 . 63 .
shown in table 3 , the best results for each domain are obtained by table 3 . our model obtains the best result with a gap of 16 . 7 ± 0 . 42 % on wikipedia compared to the previous best result , doc2vec 23 . 2 ± 1 . 41 % on the benchmark dataset . inception and bilstm achieve a joint score of 43 . 5 ± 2 . 79 % , which slightly outperforms the best performance by the baseline .
shown in table 4 , the quality classes are the predicted quality classes and the number of columns is the predicted quantity . we observe that the performance drop significantly when we start with a new class and then move onto the new one .
1 shows the performance of the large - scale text classification data sets for english news and chinese news categorization . we report the results of phase 1 on each data set . the results are summarized in table 1 . for english news , we categorize 120k words and then 5k words for chinese news . we apply the news classification data set to four scenarios .
performance of our model on the ag and sogou datasets is reported in table vii . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models on both datasets in terms of ag metric , while outperforming both the previous models in both datasets . we observe that our model significantly improves the results for both datasets when trained on a larger corpus .
ii shows the bleu scores of all models from table i . all pre - trained models show a significant drop in performance compared to the previous state of the art model .
3 shows the performance of the pre - trained models on the cc and mawps datasets . the results are summarized in table 3 . the best performances are obtained by our model ( upadhyay et al . , 2016 ) . the best performance is obtained by pre - training the models with a gap of 2 . 3 points in performance between the baseline performance and the final performance .
1 shows the joint goal accuracy on the evaluation dataset of woz 2 . 0 corpus . the proposed bert + rnn + ontology model improves the joint goal accuracy by 3 . 8 % over the statenetpsi ren et al . ( 2017 ) baseline .
2 shows the joint accuracy and benchmark accuracy on the evaluation dataset of multiwoz corpus . the sumbt model achieves a joint goal accuracy of 0 . 3557 on the evaluation dataset , which is significantly higher than the gce nouri and hosseini - asl ( 2018 ) .
1 shows the performance of all transfer models that are trained on the true and false target corpus . the performance obtained by hubert ( transformer ) is presented in table 2 . the performance of bert , snli and rte underperforms all the other models except bert except for the one that bert is trained on .
3 shows the performance of all transfer models that are trained on the true and false target corpus . our hubert model outperforms all the other models except snli and rte in terms of transfer distance accuracy . as the results of re - tuning the target corpus shows , the accuracy obtained by applying the fine - tuned acc . function can significantly improve the transfer performance of the model .
3 presents the true and false results of all source corpus models for the hubert task . our proposed system outperforms all the other methods except mnli and rte in terms of accuracy . mnli also achieves the best performance with a false / false score .
1 shows the auroc scores of all models trained on the icd - 9 corpus ( including the ones using bag - of - words unigrams and bigrams ) , weighted by the number of features in the model . as these models are only used for the rcs top - 1 recall and the primary ccs top - 5 recall respectively , they get a significant drop in performance compared to the unigram - based model ( which gets a boost of 0 . 005 ) .
2 shows the performance of all the models when using the max - pooled attention mechanisms . the bert12 model achieves an absolute improvement of 3 . 7x on average compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . however , it still exceeds all the other methods by a noticeable margin .
3 presents the performance of all models trained on the same structuretask . our proposed system outperforms all the base models except for adabert - qqp , which obtains a 3 . 8 bleu improvement over the previous state - of - the - art .
5 shows the effect of efficiency loss term on performance loss term . as table 5 shows , theitalic β = 4 = 4 maximizes the gains over the gold - based model , but does not outperform qnli or rte in terms of overall performance .
4 shows the effect of knowledge loss terms on performance . for reference , we observe that all models only slightly outperform the models without loss of knowledge .
performance on cmu - mosi is shown in table 1 . our model significantly outperforms the current state of the art models in all evaluation metrics .
inference times for the shortest span is reported in table 1 . inference times in ms are reported in terms of the gaussian mask and rl model , respectively . as can be seen , the performance of the rl model is significantly worse in the comparison to the original gaussian mask .
observe that the average me score for an image is significantly lower than the threshold for an imagenet classifier . also , the number of images which falls below threshold is significantly less than the average score for imaget .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained with hotflip . in general terms , all models perform better than the other models except for the transformer model , which results in a lower success rate . transformer models perform slightly better than blstm and min - grad in terms of training success rates , but are comparable in size and success rate with transformer . note that the training success rate is in the range of 25 . 2 % and 35 . 6 % respectively , compared to the previous state of the art model .
3 shows the performance of the models trained on the hotflip dataset in the en - de setting . results are summarized in table 3 . the results are broken down in terms of the quality of the training data . we observe that the max - grad model outperforms all the other models except for the one that has the soft - att component .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the blstm dataset in the setting of hotflip . the results are summarized in table 2 . we observe that the randomization approach significantly boosts the performance of the l2 and ltrans2 models compared to the baseline . moreover , the improvement is less pronounced for the en - de model because the dependency trees are less diverse .
2 shows the percentage of bites that are noised as a function of the proportion of bitext data that is noised . it is clear from table 2 that there is a significant imbalance in the performance of these bites , as a result of the lower quality of the bitext dataset .
4 shows the performance of our model with different scores for different flavors of bt for wmt16 enro . we report the results of experiments using bitext and taggedbt as inputs . the results are shown in table 4 . the it . - 2 model outperforms all the other models with a gap of 10 . 5 % in performance .
5 shows the wmt15 enfr results with bitext , noisedbt , and taggedbt . results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that noisedbt significantly outperforms bitext in terms of accuracy and recall , while bitext is comparable in recall .
shown in table 6 , the models are treated as if they were bt ( noised and / or tagged , resp . ) , and the text is unliersized as well . we observe that the attention sink ratio on the bitext baseline is very low , at 0 . 31 and 0 . 504 respectively compared to the previous state of the art systems .
results are shown in table 7 . the best performing model is noisedbt . we observe that standard decoding has the worst performance on average compared to noisedbt , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task .
shown in table 9 , the overlap between bitext and bt data is 11 . 4 % ( normalized by the number of frames ) and 5 . 9 % ( taggedbt ) . this indicates that the reliance on single - decoder decoding leads to incorrect interpretability of the data .
distribution over the classes of the reuters - 8 is shown in table i . the largest difference is in the number of samples , which shows the distribution of the documents across the classes .
3 shows the performance of all models when trained on a single dataset . our proposed method outperforms the prior stateof - the - art models on every metric with a gap of 2 . 5 % in performance . we observe that all the models trained on the w2v dataset are significantly better than their counterparts on the other datasets .
3 shows the performance of all models on the single - domain test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . all models trained on the multi - domain dataset are significantly better than the previous state - of - the - art systems .
classification labels and distribution per source are shown in table iii . for each category we label the items with the highest distribution ( antichat , sell , and posemty ) . for the hackforums category , we label all the items that belong to these categories .
3 shows the performance of all the models for the four categories . the top categories are antichat , prec and f1 . for each category we show the results of the best performing model ( fasttext ) . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
1 compares the performance of pooling methods with prior approaches . the results are summarized in table 1 . semantic similarity and entailment are the most distinctive features of the three approaches . however , their performance is only slightly better than those of syntactic information , entailingment is the only one that has completely semantic similarity and is able to distinguish between syntactic and syntactic information . syntactic information is qualitatively less distinctive than semantic information and its semantic similarity is less distinctive .
3 shows the performance of all models on the wikipassageqa dataset . our model improves upon the state - of - the - art on every metric with a gap of 10 . 5 p @ 1 and 15 . 2 p @ 10 on the three datasets . the dssm huang2013a model improves on both the metrics and the healthqa metric by 9 . 2 points .
3 compares the results of our trained model with others . the results are shown in table 3 . our trained model outperforms all the others with a large margin .
3 shows the performance of our model in domain and out domain . our results show that our approach achieves the best results in both domains when trained and tested in a single domain .
can be seen in table vii , all the words for each term are scored in the low - supervision setting . the most representative ones are : life , death , and transport . we observe that for all three categories , the language used for the term is different than the others . for life , we see that the word " host " and " waiter " are the most representative of the three categories .
3 presents the evaluation results of target → system ↓ with a gap of 10 . 5 % from the last published results ( bmlstm ) . the results are summarized in table 3 . the performance of the models compared to other state - of - the - art network models is slightly less than that of the previous two models . epm and wtp obtain significantly better performance than the other two approaches .
3 compares the performance of cnn and other top - performing systems with the average and average scores of all other systems except cnn for the one that relies on word - level features . overall , the results are significantly better than those of other systems , i . e . , cnn : rand achieves an average of 78 . 6 % overall improvement over the average of 75 . 4 % on source / sys .
1 shows the performance of target → system ↓ cnn with a gap of 10 . 5 % on average compared to the previous state of the art model . target ' s competitive advantage is due to the greater diversity of features , which means that more features are important for target to obtain competitive results .
2 shows the accuracy of the nlu models on slot prediction . our hmm model outperforms golve - based and hmm - based models in nlu .
3 shows the informativeness of the answers provided by the agents . in general terms , the average response time for my questions is about 3 . 5 seconds , which reduces my need to google a specific information or obtain a specific answer . in addition , the gui of was suitable for reading the provided answers and was able to “ understand ” my questions in a reasonable time ( around 69 . 3 seconds ) .
3 provides detailed results on the unsupervised ir baselines for each domain . our results are summarized in table 3 . semantic similarity methods outperform other methods with a large margin on all metrics , except for the one that " cooking " and " idf " .
3 shows the performance of the semantic rankers compared to the syntactic rankers . our system outperforms both the generic and thematic rankers in terms of both upper bound and average ranking .
4 shows the evaluation results for different domains . in general terms , we see that our approach obtains the best results when the agent and the corresponding corresponding domain are in the same domain .
5 presents the results of cross - lingual evaluation . our model outperforms the best state - of - the - art models in every metric by a significant margin .
table 3 presents the results of our models on the auto - and cosine rank . our results are summarized in table 3 . the results tabulated at the end of table 3 show that our model significantly outperforms other models in both categories when compared to their auto rank .
observe that ub ' s macro - f1 scores are comparable to that of flair ( see table 1 ) . however , ub obtains higher f1 scores than ub because it uses fasttext embeddings .
results are presented in table vii . the results are broken down in terms of type - specific logits and the number of spans for each span . we observe that the text - specific bert logits are significantly better than the original ones , indicating the importance of the multi - span approach .
5 provides exact scores for each category . our proposed method outperforms all the other methods except for the one that is considered in section iv .
4 presents the evaluation results for the kras and pik3ca datasets . the results tabulated in table 4 show that our approach significantly improves the evaluation performance by increasing the precision of the metrics with the increase of relevance .
1 compares our approach with ours ( linspector web ) . as table 1 shows , the number of supported languages and type of the tasks compared to our approach is significantly less than that of ours . we also compare against the wst and word similarity tasks , where wst embeddings and models are used , and to probing tasks .
6 presents the evaluation results . our proposed system obtains the best performance on three out of the four scenarios . the results are summarized in table 6 .
results of experiment 1 are shown in table 1 . the best performing model is svm ( original ) which has been taken from beinborn ( 2016 ) and re - adapted from it ( 2016 ) .
2 shows the rmse for both strategies on each corpora with randomly sampled target difficulties .
3 presents the error rates of our model on the hard and hard subsets of text and strategy . results marked with ∗ deviate significantly from the standard def score , hence leading to significantly higher error rates .
can be seen in table 2 the results for both framesnet and lexicon with lexicon included . the results are reported in tables 1 and 2 . we observe that the results are slightly better than those of f1 - m on the data - lexicon baseline .
table 3 , we report the results of all models trained on the single - domain learner dataset . the summaries presented in table 3 show that our approach significantly improves the general performance of the model compared to previous approaches .
1 shows the percentage of incorrect summaries in the cnn - dm test set , evaluated on a subset of 100 summaries . the results are shown in table 1 . for reference , we report rouge scores ( on full test set ) and average summary length for reference .
1 shows the performance of all models when compared with original ones . our proposed system outperforms all the other models except for the one that do not use infersent tags . the results are summarized in table 2 .
2 shows the french contraction rules . for lequel , we apply the best performing method . we observe that vois ci → voilà → auxquels , and vois lequel → desquels .
1 shows the performance of the models trained on the 2018naaclps dataset in terms of full and part - time bibless . as can be seen , the following models perform similarly to the pre - trained models on both datasets with varying performance .
2 shows the precision ( ap ) of our postle models in cross - lingual transfer . as table 2 shows , the best performing method for inducing bilingual vector spaces is ar [ artetxe et al . , 2018 ] , and sm [ smith , 2017 ] .
performance of the models on the conll test set is reported in table vii . the results are reported in tables vii and viii . they show that the stanford rule - based model significantly boosts performance for all models , with the exception of the deep - coref model .
performance of our model on the test set is shown in table 1 . the performance of the mse model is reported in terms of r2 scores .
iii shows the performance of different syntactic representations for different datasets . the best performances are seen in the ccat10 and blogs10 datasets . pos - cnn significantly outperforms the other two models in terms of performance . however , the performance on ccat50 is still significantly worse than pos - han .
iv shows the performance of our combined models on the ccat10 and blogs50 datasets . the results are shown in table iv . syntactic - han models perform better than lexical and lexical on both datasets . however , the results are still slightly worse than those on the large scale ccat50 dataset . this is mostly due to the high accuracy of the combined models .
results in table v show that the accuracy of different fusion approaches is significantly improved when we compare the performance of the two sets .
vi illustrate the performance of our models for each dataset in table vi . the best performance is seen on the ccat10 dataset , where we observe that the svm - affix - punctuation model outperforms all the base models except for the one that we observe in bold . the results are slightly worse than those of the previous models , but still comparable .
3 shows the performance of all the models when trained with lstm r as a dependency . results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the performance obtained when trained on the conditional coreference data is significantly better than those by svm ( which relies on syntactic or semantic information ) .
3 shows the performance of our system with respect to ns and f1 scores . results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the lstm model outperforms all the base the fact that it relies only on word embeddings instead of speech tags , thereby leading to significantly better performance for the model . finally , the performance is significantly better on the validation set with a gap of 10 . 5 % in the svm and ns f1 score .
1 shows the performance of our system with respect to modality and recall . our system achieves high precision with a minimum of error rate reduction and a 4 . 2 % f - score improvement over the baseline .
3 shows the performance of our system compared to random embeddings . we observe that our approach achieves the best performance with a minimum of error rate reduction of 0 . 4 % on average compared to the previous state of the art model .
performance on the best ( t + v ) test set is reported in table vii . the results are presented in tables vii and viii .
