2 shows the performance of our iterative approach on the large movie review dataset compared to the traditional recur approach , which performs the best on inference and training .
results in table 1 show that the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput , but at the same time does not improve as well as the linear one .
2 shows the performance of the max pooling strategies for each model with different number of parameters . our system achieves the best performance with a 4 - 5 model size and a maximum of 69 . 57 f1 . we also use sigmoid as a parameter pooling strategy . we use the l2 reg . feature - values as the input parameters and the hyper parameters activation rate as the output parameters . finally , we use softplus as the data pooling scheme . the performance of our system improves with each iteration .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . it can be seen that macro - averaged models achieve the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp as well as the best diff . diff . model outperforms all the other models with respect to dependency path .
results in table 3 show that for all three models , the average f1 is closer to 50 % and the average r - f1 is close to 50 % .
results are shown in table 4 . the results of our method are presented in terms of paragraph level and f1 . all the methods trained on our model achieve the best results .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems ; for the lstm - parser , it is 60 . 62 ± 3 . 54 and 62 . 24 ± 2 . 87 respectively , compared to the majority performances by the other two systems .
3 shows the results for each training system . original and original methods are better than the others . the results are shown in table 3 . the best performing ones are bleu , rouge - lstm and cider . the worst ones are tgen + and tgen − which perform worse than the original on all tests .
shown in table 1 , the original and the cleaned versions have the highest number of distinct mrs as measured by our slot matching script , see section 3 . the cleaned version has the highest percentage of concatenated mrs and the average number of slot matching scripts , both compared to the original .
results are shown in table 4 . original , original and tgen models perform better than the original on all test sets except for the one that has the correct number of parameters . the results are summarized in table 5 . original model performs better than both the original and the correct ones . it is clear from the results that tgen + performs better on both test sets .
results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set ( see table 4 ) . we found a total absolute number of errors ( 17 ) and a slight amount of disfluencies ( 14 ) .
3 shows the performance of our dcgcn model on the external and external datasets compared to the previous best state - of - the - art models . for the single dataset , all models perform better than all the other models except for seq2seqk ( konstas et al . , 2017 ) and snrg ( moen and song , 2017 ) .
2 shows the results on amr17 with respect to bleu points . our model achieves 25 . 5 bleus points , which shows the performance of the ensemble model compared to the single model .
3 shows the results for english - german and english - czech . the results are shown in table 3 . the best performing single model is bow + gcn ( bastings et al . , 2017 ) with a gap of 3 . 5 points in performance between the original and the new single model .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the output layer . we observe that for all layers , there is a significant difference in performance between those of n and m ( i . e . , n = 3 ) .
6 shows the performance of our models with residual connections . rc + la ( 2 ) and gcn + rc ( 4 ) show significant performance improvement over previous models .
model 3 shows the performance of dcgcn with respect to bias metric in table 3 . the results are presented in bold . we observe that , when combined with the number of models in the model , the performance drops significantly when using only the max number of datacenters .
8 shows the ablation study results for amr15 with respect to the density of the connections in the i - th block . the results are shown in table 8 .
shown in table 9 , the models used in the graph encoder and the lstm decoder have remarkably similar performance to the original encoder .
7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our paper shows that our method outperforms all the base - based methods except for glorot , which shows lower precision .
observe that our method outperforms all the other methods except for the cbow / 400 model , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing source and target .
1 shows the performance of our cmp model compared to other methods . our model outperforms all the other methods except subj and mpqa except for the one that uses sick - e . cbow / 784 shows a slight improvement over the best performance on all three metrics . it also outperforms both sst2 and sst3 in terms of recall .
results on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms both cmp and hybrid on all downstream tasks , except for sts13 , which shows the relative change with respect to cmp .
8 shows the performance of initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our paper shows that glorot performs better than all the base - level initialization strategies except for the one that targets mpqa . it also outperforms sst2 and sst5 in both tasks .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . our cmow - r model outperforms all the other methods except for the one that requires supervised supervision .
1 shows the performance of our method on the subtense and coreference tasks . cbow - r shows a slight improvement on the performance on the coreference task over previous methods . however , it still outperforms all the other methods by a significant margin .
1 shows the performance of our cbow - r and sick - r models compared to other methods trained on subj and mpqa datasets . our model outperforms all the other methods except sst2 and sst5 except for the one that performs better on the mrpc dataset . we observe that both sick and cbow have superior performance on both mrpc datasets .
system performance in [ italic ] e + and per is reported in table 3 . all org and multi - factor learning methods perform better than the best state - of - the - art systems in both systems . name matching and multifactor learning ( mil - nd ) achieve the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 31 org / 0 . 38 per and 0 . 38 e + misc .
2 shows the results on the test set under two settings . name matching and supervised learning achieve the best results with 95 % confidence intervals . the results are shown in table 2 . name matching improves the e + p score by 2 . 5 % and f1 by 3 . 5 % .
6 shows the results of ref and ref compared to the original model ( g2s - gin ) . ref significantly outperforms ref in all but one of the cases where ref is used .
results are shown in table 3 . the models performed best on the ldc2017t10 and ldc2015e86 datasets . note that the model performs slightly worse than the other models on both datasets .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . the results are shown in table 3 .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the base models with a large margin .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that g2s - gin exhibits the best performance on sentence length and sentence length . the results are summarized in the table 4 .
shown in table 8 , the fraction of elements in the output that are missing in the input ( g2s - gin ) that are present in the generated sentence ( miss ) , as shown in fig . 8 . these tokens are used in the comparison to the reference sentences .
4 shows the performance of our system with respect to target languages . our system achieves the best performance with 96 % accuracy on a single parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) .
2 shows the pos and sem tagging accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . word2tag has the best overall performance with a 91 . 5 % upper bound and 91 . 41 % overall accuracy .
results reported in table 3 show that our method significantly outperforms the competition on three of the four baselines . our method significantly improves the performance on all four of the baselines by 3 points .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages .
performance on different datasets is shown in table 8 . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is reported in δ ( p < 0 . 001 ) . on the training set 10 % held - out , the attacker scored 14 . 3 % more accurate . on the other datasets , the average age is 9 . 7 % .
results in table 1 show that training directly towards a single task can improve the performance for all participants , whether the conversation is positive or negative .
2 shows the status of the protected attribute leakage in the context of balanced and unbalanced task averages . the trained classifier ( pan16 ) consistently leads to balanced task averages , but unbalanced ones .
performance on different datasets with an adversarial training set is shown in table 3 . the difference between the performance of the trained classifier and the corresponding adversary is significant ( p < 0 . 001 ) . sentiment and gender are the most important factors in the performance , followed by age .
6 shows the concatenation of the protected attribute with different encoders . embedding with rnn embeddings leads to different performance gains for the model , as shown in fig . 6 .
results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the base models except for the one that uses finetune embeddings . the results show that our lstm model performs well on both training and finetune tasks .
performance of our model compared to previous work on the same dataset is reported in table 4 . our model improves upon the previous stateof - the - art lstm by 3 . 5 % on average .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to previous work on the amapolar and full time datasets . our model improves upon the best state - of - the - art model on both datasets with a 4 . 42 % boost in performance .
3 shows the bleu score of our model on wmt14 english - german translation task . it measures the time in seconds to encode one sentence compared to 0 . 2k training steps on tesla p100 . we also compare our model with the previous stateof - the - art gru model , which takes less training steps to decode one sentence .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to match / f1 score on squad dataset . it can be seen that our model performs better than other models with the parameter number of 1 . 67m and 2 . 44m , respectively .
6 shows the f1 score of our model on conll - 2003 english ner task . it can be seen that our lstm model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of parameter number .
performance of elrn with base + ln setting and test perplexity on snli task with ptb setting . results are shown in table 7 .
results are shown in table 4 . word embeddings are used for system retrieval and system rerieval . the word embedding method ( mtr ) is used for both system and multi - task learning . system retrieeval is the most efficient and multi task learning method , with the best performance on system retriveval being achieved on b - 2 and r - 4 .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( k 1000 ) . the best performing system is seq2seq .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset compared to the original ones . our proposed system outperforms all the other baselines except for the one that embeds the word embeddings . we observe that our proposed system significantly outperforms the competition on both corpus and docsub .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset compared to the original ones . our proposed system outperforms all the other baselines except for the one that embeds the word embeddings . we observe that for all the baselines , our proposed system performs slightly better than the original one .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we used in the original embeddings ( p < 0 . 005 ) . europarl even outperforms both the df and docsub datasets .
embeddings are shown in table 3 . our system achieves the best performance with a minimum of 3 . 5 % truedepth compared to the maxdepth of europarl . we also observe that our system has the best overall performance on both metric and maxdepth .
embeddings are shown in table 3 . our system achieves the best performance with a minimum of 3 . 5 % truedepth compared to the maxdepth of europarl . we also observe that our system has the best overall performance on both metric and maxdepth .
performance ( ndcg % ) on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf outperforms the original lfn model in terms of r0 , r2 and r3 scores , respectively .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . we apply p2 as the most effective one ( i . e . , hidden dictionary learning ) and coatt with the history shortcut .
5 shows the performance of our models on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that our hmd - prec model outperforms all the base models except for those using bert .
3 presents the results of our approach with respect to direct assessment and bertscore - f1 scores . the results are summarized in table 3 . our approach significantly outperforms the baselines on all metrics except for the one that requires more training data .
3 presents the bagel and sfhotel scores on the validation set . our proposed bertscore - f1 model outperforms all the baseline baselines except for those using bleu - 1 .
3 presents the metric and bert score - recall scores for the three models . the results are summarized in table 3 . the summaries are presented in bold . leic scores are significantly better than those of spice , while spice scores are slightly worse . epm scores are computed in the low - supervision settings .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the m0 model performs better than the m1 model on all metrics except for the shen - 1 metric , which shows the diminishing returns from training on a larger corpus .
results are shown in table 4 . semantic preservation and transfer quality scores are the most important aspects of the semantic preservation and semantic preservation datasets , respectively . we observe that yelp significantly outperforms all the other methods in both domains , with a notable exception of the case of semantic preservation .
5 shows the results of human validation on three of the four datasets for grammatical accuracy ( acc , golbeck et al . , 2017 ) and human ratings of fluency . the results are shown in table 5 .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the m0 model performs better than the m1 model on all three metrics except for the shen - 1 metric , which shows the diminishing returns from training on a larger corpus .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves higher bleu than any other model using simple - transfer or n - decoder , and achieve the highest acc ∗ score . however , our best model outperforms all the other models using the same number of training examples .
2 shows the number of repetition tokens that were correctly predicted to be disfluent . reparandum length is reported in table 2 . for each repetition token , the average number of reparandum tokens is computed as follows : 1 - 2 , 3 - 5 , 6 - 8 .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for both the reparandum and the repair ( table 3 ) . the fraction of tokens predicted to contain a content word is in parentheses , however , the fraction that contain a word is much smaller .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the text + innovations model outperforms the single model in terms of dev and model performance , in addition , the model with the best innovations model achieves the best overall performance .
performance of our model on the fnc - 1 test dataset is shown in table 2 . our model achieves the best performance on both test and evaluation sets .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better ) . neuraldater significantly outperforms all previous methods in terms of accuracy .
3 shows the accuracy ( % ) of our model with and without attention . the results show that neuraldater performs well on word attention and graph attention . it also improves upon the performance of ac - gcn by 3 . 6 points .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performing models are jvmee , dmcnn and trigger . all models perform better than the baseline on all stages except for the one that performs worse on the validation set . we observe that all models performed better on validation set than on the baseline .
3 shows the identification and classification results for all types of event . our method outperforms all the methods except the one that we used for cross - event analysis . all the methods used for this task have a significant impact on the performance of the model . we report the type of event and the number of stages for which the method is used . we present the identification results in table 3 .
can be seen in table 4 . all the models trained on the spanish - only - lm outperform all the other models except for the ones that do not use concatenated word embeddings .
4 shows the results on the train dev and the test set with only subsets of the code - switched data for comparison . fine - tuned train dev outperforms fine - tuned train dev , but it has the advantage of training with more training data .
5 shows the performance of our system on the dev set and the test set , compared to the output of fine - tuned - disc . the results are summarized in table 5 . our system performs slightly better than the monolingual model on both sets .
results in table 7 show that type - aggregated gaze features significantly improve recall and f1 - score for the three eye - tracking datasets tested on the conll - 2003 dataset ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) .
5 shows the precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 ) and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set . we use glove - retro embeddings for wordnet and wordnet 3 . 1 , and it uses syntactic - sg embedding . the results on the original paper are shown in table 1 . we use a single embedding layer ( glove ) , which we use as a base layer for our wordnet network .
2 shows the performance of our rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . the results are presented in table 2 .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . it is clear from the table 3 that removing these two factors severely affects the model performance .
2 shows the performance of our model with domain - tuned and multi30k decoding . the results are shown in table 2 . adding subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) improves the model performance by 3 . 5 points over the previous state of the art model .
3 shows the performance of subs1m models when domain - tuned . our model outperforms all the base models except for those using mscoco17 . the results are shown in table 3 . we additionally compare the results with those obtained using unsupervised training data .
4 shows bleu scores in terms of autocap 1 and multi30k on the larger en - de datasets . the results are shown in table 4 . the best results with only the best one or all 5 captions is achieved .
5 shows the performance of our approach with respect to decoding visual information . we use multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , enc - gate and dec - gate embeddings . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that enc - gates and enc - closure have the best performance .
performance of subs3m compared to subs6m is reported in table 4 . we observe that the multi - lingual model outperforms the baselines in all but one of the cases , i . e . the one with the word embeddings in the core and the one without .
3 shows the performance of our system compared to the original embeddings . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our system performs better than the alternatives on both mtld and en - fr - ff .
1 shows the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 shows the vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data used for our models .
5 shows the bleu and ter scores for the rev systems . the automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) are significantly worse than those of the base - based systems ( e . g . , en - fr - rnn - rev < cid : 27 ) and ter is slightly better than the baseline .
2 shows the vgs performance on flickr8k compared to the mean mfcc score from chrupala2017representations . our model outperforms both segmatch and rsaimage by a significant margin .
results on synthetically spoken coco ( vgs ) are shown in table 1 . the model trained on the embeddings of chrupala2017representations is comparable to the one trained on audio2vec - u . the mean mfcc score is 0 . 0 and 0 . 4 respectively compared to the mean of the two baseline models .
1 shows the results of different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . for example , orig < cao et al . ( 2017 ) turns in a < u > screenplay that shows the edges at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . dan ( 2016 ) shows the same results as it does in the original . rnn shows the advantage of edges edges edges over the other classifiers . it shows that if you want hate hate hate , you can get a better screenplay .
2 shows the percentage of words in sst - 2 that have been changed since fine - tuning . these numbers indicate that the number of occurrences have increased , decreased or stayed the same through the use of sophisticated word selection .
3 shows the change in sentiment from positive to negative in sst - 2 compared to positive sentiment .
results are presented in table 4 . the results are summarized in terms of ppmi scores ( p < 0 . 001 ) and average pmi score ( p ≤ 0 . 005 ) . as expected , the results are significantly better than those obtained by " suggest " and " suggest " .
