results are shown in table 2 . the recursive approach performs better on training than the folding technique . the folding technique performs best on training , while the recur approach performs worse on training .
table 1 shows the performance improvement for the balanced dataset compared to the linear dataset . the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput compared to linear datasets . the linear dataset shows the highest performance improvement compared to a linear dataset , with the highest degree of parallelization .
we show that the max pooling strategy performs better in all models with different representation sizes . we show the results for all model variations with the same representation size . we also show the performance of the max pooling strategy for each model with different representations . feature maps are shown in table 2 . the maximum pooling algorithm performs best in all model variants .
3 table 1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type on the performance of the relation type . the results are shown in table 1 .
results are shown in table 1 . y - 3 : y - 3 , y - 2 : y , y , y and y are the most successful .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of the test are presented in table 2 . we show that the results of our test are significantly better than the results from the previous test . our results show that our test scores are significantly higher than those of the other test scores . our test scores indicate that the test scores on the test results are better than those on the other tests .
3 : c - f1 ( 100 % ) in % for the two indicated systems ; essay vs . paragraph level ( 100 % ) .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of the test are presented in table 2 . we show that the results of our test outperform the results from the previous test . the result of the original test outperforms all other test results . for example , the results show that tgen and tgen are better than tgen .
results are presented in table 1 . the original e2e data and our cleaned version are shown in table 2 . the results for the original and cleaned versions are comparable to the results of our original and the cleaned version , but the results are significantly better than the original .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our test are presented in table 2 . we show that the results are consistent with the results of the previous test . the result of the test is that the original results are better than the original ones . our results show that we can improve the performance of the original test .
results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set are shown in table 4 . we show that the manual errors we found were significantly higher than the original results . we also show that we found a significant increase in the number of errors in tgen compared to the previous test set .
results are presented in table 1 . all models outperform all models . all model outperforms all models by a significant margin . the results of all model outperform all models by an average of 25 . 4 % . the results for all models are shown in table 2 .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . the model size of the model is shown in the table 2 . gcnseq achieves 24 . 5 bleu points , while dcgcn ( ours ) achieves 27 . 5 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results show that the english - german model outperforms the german model by a significant margin . the results are shown in table 2 . the english - language models outperform the german models by a large margin .
table 5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the overall layers . the effect of a single layer inside dc is shown in table 5 . we show that the overall layer size in dc is significantly higher than in the other layers in dc .
results are presented in table 6 . + rc denotes gcn with residual connections , while + la denotes the residual connections with the gcn .
results show that dcgcn ( 2 ) is the most successful model in the model . the results are shown in table 1 . the performance of the model is significantly better than that of the previous model .
, table 8 : ablation study for amr15 on the dev set . - { i } dense block denotes removing the dense connections in the i - th block . -
3 table 9 shows the results of the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are presented in table 9 . the ablation study for the graph encoder used in the graph decoder is shown in figure 9 .
our paper shows that our initialization strategies outperform our probing strategies on probing tasks . our results show that we outperform all probing tasks on the first set of probing tasks , with the best performance on the second set . the results are shown in table 7 .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . table 3 shows the results of our model . table 2 shows the performance of the model . the performance of table 3 is similar to that of table 4 .
results are presented in table 2 . we show that our model outperforms all other models in terms of the performance of our model . the results are shown in table 3 . the performance of the model is significantly better than that of the other models .
3 shows the relative change on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models compared to hybrid and cmow .
results are presented in table 8 . we show that our model outperforms all the other models on supervised downstream tasks . the results for the model outperform all other models .
results on the unsupervised downstream tasks are shown in table 6 . we show that cmow - r outperforms cbow - c on all other training objectives on both training objectives . the results for cmow – r outperform cbow , sts13 and sts14 on all training objectives , with the exception of sts15 , where the results are significantly lower than the results for cbow .
results show that cbow - r performs better than the previous method . the results are shown in table 1 . the result shows that the performance of cbow is comparable to that of the previous methods .
results show that cmow - r outperforms sst2 and sst5 in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 1 . the result shows that the results of cbow - c outperform the performance of sst - b . in terms of the performance , the results are significantly better than the results from the previous model . the performance of cbow - r is comparable to that of the other models .
results are shown in table 2 . the results of our model are presented in table 3 . we show that our model outperforms all the other models on the table . [ italic ] e + org and e + misc outperform all other models in our model . we also show that the results of the model outperform the performance of all models on all models .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . all f1 scores are shown on the results set under the two settings . [ italic ] e + p and e + r ( model 2 ) are shown as the best scores . the best scores are achieved on both settings .
table 6 : entailment ( entailment ) is shown in table 6 . we show the results of our model and the results for the model . the results of the model are shown in figure 6 . the model outperforms the model by a significant margin .
results show that ldc2017t10 outperforms ldc2015e86 on the model . the model outperforms the model on all other models . the models outperform the models on both models .
results on the ldc2015e86 test set are shown in table 3 . the results on ldc 2015e86 are consistent across all models trained with gigaword data . however , the performance on the g2s - ggnn test set is significantly lower than the previous test set .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the ablation model outperforms all other models on the development set .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our model outperform the results of the previous model . our model outperforms the model by a significant margin . we show that the model is significantly better than the model .
fraction of elements in the input graph that are missing in the output graph is used in the test set of ldc2017t10 . the token lemmas are used to compare the performance of the reference sentences with the output of the model .
4 shows the accuracy of the 4th nmt encoding layer , trained with different target languages on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) . the results are shown in table 4 .
results are shown in table 2 . table 2 shows the accuracy of the results for all three tags . the results for mft and word2tag are significantly better than those for all other tags . mft is the most frequent tag - based classifier , but it has a lower bound than word2 tag .
results show that pos tagging accuracy outperforms all other pos tagging accuracy models . the results are shown in table 1 . pos tigers accuracy outperform all pos tagers accuracy models , with the best performance on both models .
results are presented in table 5 . the results show that the accuracy of pos and sem tagging accuracy is significantly better than that of bi and res , respectively .
results are shown in table 8 . results are on a training set 10 % held - out compared to the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy on the training set .
3 table 1 shows the results of training directly towards a single task . the results are shown in table 1 . the performance of the task is significantly better than that of the other task .
3 table 2 shows the results of the protected attribute leakage test . the results are presented in table 2 . we show that the results are significantly better than the results shown in table 1 . the result is that the performance of the test outperforms the average performance .
, table 3 shows the performance of the adversarial training on different datasets with the same dataset . the performance on both datasets is the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy on the corresponding dataset .
3 : accuracies of the protected attribute with different encoders are shown in table 6 . 4 : accurate encoder performance with a different encoder is shown .
results are shown in table 2 . this model outperforms all the other models in the table . the results are presented in table 3 .
results are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in table 5 . we show that our model outperforms our model .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our model are presented in table 2 . we show that our model outperforms our model by a significant margin . we also show that we outperform our model with a significant improvement in performance compared to our model . we show the results of the model outperform the model with the best performance .
results are presented in table 3 . we show the performance of our model on the wmt14 english - german translation task . the performance of the model is comparable to that of the previous model . we also show that our model outperforms all other models .
results published by wang et al . ( 2017 ) show that the model performs better than the model on squad dataset . the model outperforms the model in terms of the parameter number of base . rnet and the model performance on the model .
results on conll - 2003 english ner task are shown in table 6 . the f1 score on the f1 task is significantly higher than the f2 score . the performance of f1 scores on the ner task is significantly lower than that of f2 scores on f1 .
3 table 7 shows the test accuracy on snli task with base setting , and the test perplexity on ptb task with base setting .
the results of our research are shown in table 1 . we show that the results of the system retrieval test are significantly better than the results from the human test . we also show that our results are better than those of the oracle test .
results are presented in table 4 . the best results are shown in bold , with statistical significance marked with ∗ ( approximation randomization test , p < 0 . 0005 ) . the best performance is shown in red , with the highest standard deviation being 1 . 0 . the worst performance is seen in table 3 , where the average score is 0 . 5 . the highest score is 1 . 2 .
results are shown in table 1 . the results show that the results of ted talks and ted talks are significantly better than the results obtained in the previous table . the results of our test are consistent with the results from our previous paper .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our analysis show that ted talks outperforms ted talks in terms of performance . we show that the results of the ted talks test outperform the performance of ted talks .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our analysis show that the results of ted talks and ted talks are significantly better than the results obtained from our previous paper . the results show that ted talks outperforms ted talks in terms of performance .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . table 2 shows the performance of the results for the two datasets . table 3 shows the results of the test dataset .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . we show that the results are significantly better than the results of the previous model . we also show that our results are better than those of the other models . for example , our results show that we can improve the performance of our models by using a higher degree of accuracy than the previous models .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in the table 1 . f is the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 , while lf is the improved version . the performance of lf is comparable to that of the previous version .
results are shown in table 2 . p2 is the most effective model on visdial v1 . 0 validation set . it outperforms all the other models on the test set .
table 5 shows the results on hard alignments and soft alignments . the results are shown in table 5 .
results are shown in table 2 . the metrics are presented in table 3 . metrics show that the metrics outperform the other metrics in terms of direct assessment , direct assessment and direct assessment compared to direct assessment . for example , we see that the meteor + + model outperforms the f1 model .
results are shown in table 1 . the baselines for bleu - 2 and bertscore - f1 show that the results are significantly better than the results of the previous set . the results show that bereor outperforms the results on both sets of models .
results are shown in table 2 . the results are presented in table 3 . the model is based on the results of our model . the models used in the model outperform the model on the basis of the performance of both smd and w2v . the model outperforms the model by a significant margin .
results show that m0 [ italic ] and m3 ( italic ) are significantly better than m1 ( m2 ) and m2 ( m3 ) in terms of performance . m0 ( m1 ) outperforms m2 , m3 , m4 , m5 , and m6 ( m5 ) in performance . the performance of m1 and m5 ( m0 ) is comparable to that of m2 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results show that the results of our model outperform the performance of the other models . the model outperforms the results from the previous model . for example , we show that we outperform our model with a significant improvement in performance compared to our model .
4 shows the results of human sentence - level validation of all metrics . the results are shown in table 5 . the performance of human sentences is comparable to that of machine and human judgments , but the results are significantly better than machine - level ones . for example , the results show that human sentences are more accurate than machine judgments .
results show that m0 [ italic ] + para + lang is significantly better than m1 ( m1 ) and m2 ( m2 ) in terms of performance . m0 ( m0 ) is significantly outperformed by m1 , m2 , m3 , and m4 ( m3 ) by a significant margin . m2 : m0 , m0 and m3 ( m5 ) are significantly outperforming m1 and m5 , respectively .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best models achieve higher bleu than our best models . the best models outperform the best models by a significant margin . the best model outperforms the best model by a large margin .
results show that disfluent disfluencies are more likely to be correctly predicted than nested disfluency . the results are shown in table 2 . we show that the number of disfluencies correctly predicted as disfluent is significantly higher than the number predicted as repeated disfluents .
table 3 shows the relative frequency of disfluent rephrases correctly predicted for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - function ) . the fraction of tokens correctly predicted in both cases is shown in table 3 .
results are presented in table 1 . we show that the results of our model outperform the results from the previous model . the results of the model are shown in table 2 . the model outperforms the model in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the performance of our model on the fnc - 1 test dataset . the results show that our model outperforms all the other models on the test dataset , with the exception of word2vec .
3 shows the performance of the unified model on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem .
3 : accuracy ( % ) comparisons of component models with and without attention . table 3 shows the effectiveness of both word attention and graph attention for word attention compared to word attention . the results show that word attention improves word attention performance compared to graph attention .
we show the results of our model in table 1 . we show that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . the results of the model outperform all other models . for example , we show that jee and jmee outperform jee on the performance of all models .
[ bold ] and [ f1 ] are the most common method used for cross - event analysis .
results are shown in table 1 . all of the results are presented in table 2 . the results show that the results of the test perp and test acc are comparable to those of the other models .
results on the test set and on the train test set are shown in table 4 . the test set is significantly better than the train set , but the results are significantly lower .
4 shows the performance on the test set compared to the monolingual set . we show that the performance is better on the dev set than on the mono set . the results are shown in table 5 . the performance on both sets is comparable to the performance of the standard set .
results are shown in table 7 . precision ( p ) , recall ( r ) and f1 - score ( f ) for all three eye - tracking datasets were trained on the conll - 2003 dataset and tested on all three datasets . the precision ( p ) and recall ( f1 ) scores for each of the three eye tracking datasets are significantly improved compared to the previous dataset .
3 table 5 shows the performance improvement for all three features on the conll - 2003 dataset compared to the previous dataset . f1 - score ( f1 ) is significantly better than f1 score ( f2 ) for the same set of features compared to previous datasets .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are shown in table 1 . glove - retro is the most common embeddings in wordnet 3 . 1 and wordnet 4 . 1 .
results from rbg are presented in table 2 . we show the results from the rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments .
table 3 : effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
results are presented in table 2 . table 2 shows the performance of the domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) and domain tuning . the domain tuning scores are shown in the table 2 .
we show the results of our model on the flickr17 dataset . the results of the model are shown in table 1 . the model outperforms all other models in terms of performance . we also show the performance of the subdomain - tuned subs1m model .
3 shows bleu scores in % . all results with marian amun are shown in table 4 . the results with the best automatic image captions are shown on the table .
4 shows the performance of the two strategies for integrating visual information ( bleu % scores ) . the results are presented in table 5 . we show the results of the multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm approach . the results show that both strategies integrate visual information better than dec - gate . the performance of both strategies is significantly better than that of the other strategies .
results show that the performance of subs3m [ italic ] is significantly better than subs4m ( mscoco17 ) in terms of performance compared to subs6m ( lms - coco ) . the performance of sub3m is comparable to that of subs5m ( italic ) the performance is better than the performance achieved by subs2m , but the performance is significantly lower .
results show that en - fr - smt - ff is significantly better than en - f - rnn - back , and en - es - trnn - ff outperforms en - fl - ff .
table 1 shows the total number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
3 table 2 shows the results of our training vocabularies for our models .
, table 5 shows the results for the rev systems . the results are presented in table 5 . bleu ↑ and ter ↓ are the results of automatic evaluation scores ( bleu and ter ) for rev system .
results on flickr8k are presented in table 2 . we show that our model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . we also show that we outperform our previous model with a significant improvement in the performance of our model .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in the table 1 . we show that the performance of the model is significantly better than that of the previous model .
< r > < c > orig is the first classifier on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 , where we show that orig uses the same classifiers as in the original . orig turns on a on ( in the the the edges of the screenplay ) . it ’ s so clever you want to hate it .
results show that fine - tuning has not changed the number of words in sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we show that the results are consistent with the results of fine tuning .
3 : sentiment score changes in sst - 2 are shown in table 3 . the results show that the score increases in both positive and negative sentiment with respect to the original sentence .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we show that the results are consistent with the results of the previous study .
