2 shows the performance of our iterative approach on the large movie review dataset . the recursive approach performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while the recursive approach shows better performance on training .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset , because there is only a small room of performance improvement left to train the system .
2 shows the performance of the hyper parameters optimization strategies for each model with different representation . the performance of conll08 based on the max pooling strategy consistently performs better in all model variations . softplus also outperforms sigmoid in the number of iterations with different number of parameters . with the boost function from 0 . 87e - 01 to 1 . 79e - 03 , the model gets a boost of 3 . 66 points .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . with sdp as dependency path , our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp . however , it is unable to do this with the macro - averaged model . the difference in f1 score is minimal , however it is significant .
3 shows the results of y - 3 compared to y - 2 . in general terms , the results are significantly better , with the difference being less pronounced for f1 .
3 presents the results of the models trained on mst - parser . our model achieves the best results with 50 % of the time on the essay level . the results are presented in table 3 .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems ; essay vs . paragraph level . note that the mean performances are lower than the majority performances over the runs given in table 2 . paragraph also shows lower performance , however it is comparable to the majority performance .
3 shows the performance of the original and the second set of test sets . our system performs better than the original in all but one of the cases . the results are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows that the error reduction from the original to the new set is minimal .
shown in table 1 , the original and the cleaned versions have the highest number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references , and the number of slot matching scripts as measured by our data matching script , see section 3 . the cleaned version also has the highest average number of instances , with a total of 33 , 525 instances .
3 shows the results for original and original test sets . the results are presented in table 3 . original and tgen scores are shown in bold . original scores have been consistently better than those of tgen + on all but one of these . they are slightly worse than on the other two sets . in addition , their performance is slightly worse on the three sets .
results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . in table 4 , we can see that the added errors caused by incorrect values are mostly caused by slight disfluencies in the training set .
model the performance of our dcgcn model is presented in table 1 . all models perform better than all the other models except for seq2seqk ( konstas et al . , 2016 ) . the difference between the performance of all models is minimal , however , with the exception of snrg .
2 shows the results on amr17 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points . the results are shown in table 2 . as shown in the table , the model size in terms of parameters is significantly larger than seq2seqb ( beck et al . , 2018 ) and its ensemble model size is much smaller .
3 presents the results of the best performing models in english - german and english - czech . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the single model performs better than the other models in both languages , the difference in performance between single and multi is minimal , however , the difference between the performance between the two models is significant , bow + gcn ( bastings et al . , 2017 ) and seq2seqb ( beck et al . 2018 ) both in terms of overall performance and the debiased english - language bias metric ( table 3 ) .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the overall performance of the layers in table 5 . the first group shows that , when you add the layers of dc with the other layers of the stack , the effect is less pronounced .
6 compares gcn with baselines . rc + la ( 2 ) denotes gcns with residual connections . with residual connections , gcn improves performance . however , when gcn is combined with dcgcn2 , it loses its competitiveness .
model f1 shows the performance of dcgcn models when trained on pre - trained and current stateof - the - art models . the results are presented in table vii .
shown in table 8 , removing the dense connections in the dev set of amr15 severely decreases the performance .
table 9 , we show the ablation study results for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . encoder modules used in table 9 show that the multi - decoder design relies on the hierarchical nature of the nodes .
results for initialization strategies on probing tasks are shown in table 7 . our paper shows that our approach improves the performance by 10 . 8 points over the previous state of the art .
1 and table 2 summarize our results . we observe that our method outperforms all the other methods except for cbow / 400 , which is more accurate .
1 shows the performance of our method compared to other methods . our cbow model outperforms all the other methods except for the one that cmp uses . it also improves the mrpc score by 3 . 8 % in comparison to sst2 and sick - e . moreover , it has the advantage of better recall scores on all three metrics .
results on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms both the hybrid and hybrid models in terms of overall performance .
8 shows the performance for initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our paper shows that our approach improves upon the performance of subj and mpqa by 3 . 8 points in each metric .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . our cbow - r model outperforms all the other methods except for sts13 .
1 shows the performance of our method . it obtains a significant improvement over the previous state - of - the - art method on all metrics , from depth to subtraction .
1 shows the performance of our method compared to other methods . our cbow - r model outperforms all the other methods except for sst2 and sst5 . it is also comparable to sick - e , but it has the advantage of training on a larger corpus . it also outperforms sst3 , sst - e and sick
3 presents the e + and per scores of all systems using the best performing feature set . our system ( mil - nd ) significantly outperforms all the systems except for the one that does not use misc . in all but one of these systems , e + org ( which relies on word choice ) is significantly better than the other two systems . supervised learning , in particular , achieves the best e + org score and the best per score , both in [ italic ] and [ bold ] terms .
2 shows the results on the test set under two settings . our system outperforms all the models except for mil - nd , which shows the 95 % confidence intervals of f1 scores shown in table 2 . supervised learning ( model 1 ) achieves the best e + p score and the best f1 score . in addition , the performance of the supervised learning model ( model 2 ) is also improved by a noticeable margin . with the help of supervised learning , we can further improve upon the performance by using more accurate recall scores .
table 6 , we can see that ref and ref have a significant impact on model performance , since ref significantly outperforms ref in all but one of the cases where ref is used .
1 and table 2 summarize our results on the " bleu " and " meteor " scores . the results are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models by a noticeable margin .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . it can be seen that the use of bilstm improves the performance of the model .
results are shown in table 1 . in particular , we notice significant difference in the average number of frames compared to g2s - gin due to the shorter sentence length and the longer sentence length . from the same set of data , we also observe lower average sentence length , indicating that the model is more suitable for shorter sentences .
shown in table 8 , the fraction of elements in the output that are missing in the input graph that are present in the generated sentence ( g2s - gin ) . these fraction are used in the comparison to show that the use of token lemmas in the reference sentences leads to better interpretability .
4 shows the performance of our approach using the 4th nmt encoding layer . it achieves the best performance with 96 % accuracy on a single corpus .
2 : pos and sem tagging accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . word2tag has the best overall performance . however , it has the worst upper bound and is more likely to classify using unsupervised embeddings .
3 presents the results of our method . our results are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows that our method significantly outperforms the competition in terms of both accuracy and test set .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages . from table 5 , we can also see that res and bi tags have the best performance , with an average accuracy of 87 . 5 % .
performance on different datasets is shown in table 8 . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is reported in δ . in pan16 , the attacker scored a weighted average of 10 % on the training set 10 % held - out . on the other datasets , the average age of the target is 9 . 7 % .
1 shows the performance of the training data directly towards a single task . the training data generated by pan16 is significantly more accurate than those by dial , indicating that training directly towards the single task can improve the performance .
2 shows the status of the protected attribute leakage in the context of balanced and unbalanced data splits . it is clear from table 2 that this leakage is caused by the presence of gender - neutral hashtags in the data , and that this is reflected in the number of instances in the multi - task dataset that are misclassified as balanced .
3 shows the performance on different datasets with an adversarial training set . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 3 . sentiment and gender are the most important factors in the conversation performance , and the difference between accuracy and leakage is also important in the prediction of task success .
6 shows the performance of different encoders when the protected attribute is added to an embeddings layer . embedding is more stable , but it is harder to learn from the examples .
3 presents the results of our second study . our model outperforms all the models with a large margin . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our lstm model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 2 . 5m iterations . it also outperforms both the original wt2 model and the finetune model with an absolute improvement of 4 . 3m .
1 shows the performance of our model compared to previous models . our model significantly outperforms other models in terms of both acc andbert time .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to other models . our model improves upon the best state - of - the - art models with a 4 . 66 % boost in err and f1 score . it also improves on the yelppolar time metric by 4 . 53 % in q2 .
3 shows the bleu score of our model on wmt14 english - german translation task . as table 3 shows , it takes a negligible amount of time to decode one sentence , measured from 0 . 2k training steps on the newstest2014 dataset .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to match / f1 score . the results published by wang et al . ( 2017 ) show that our model significantly outperforms other models with the parameter number of β - params . however , our model obtains a lower f1 score than other models because it has more parameter number .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the reported result lample et al . ( 2016 ) . lrn significantly outperforms the other models in terms of parameter number , which indicates that the model has better performance in the low - supervision settings .
7 shows the performance of our model with base + ln setting and test perplexity on snli task with base setting . it can be seen that our model significantly outperforms other models in both tasks ,
2 shows the results of word - based systems . word - based system retrieval is the most effective , followed by sentence - based multi - task learning . sent attention is beneficial for both systems , with the maximum number of words used per sentence . the word " retrieval " significantly boosts the performance of both systems and the word " evaluation " .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 8 . the best performance among all systems is reported in table 4 .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . our joint model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we use , namely , europarl . our model performs on par with df , docsub and tf - news whereas our joint model is better than both df and tf .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . our joint model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we use , namely , europarl . we observe that our joint model performs better on all three datasets , with the exception of docsub . in particular , our model performs slightly worse than the others .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . our joint model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we use , namely , europarl . we observe that our joint model performs better on all three datasets , with the exception of docsub . in particular , our model performs slightly worse than the others on both corpus and tf .
are shown in table 1 . our system achieves the best performance with a minimum of 3 . 5roots on each metric compared to the maxdepth of europarl . on the other hand , our system performs slightly worse than our maxdepth and is significantly less effective in depthcohesion .
3 shows the roots scores of corpus and europarl . totalroots scores are reported in table 3 . they are broken down in terms of dimensioncohesion . our system obtains the best scores with a minimum of 1 . 5 and 1 . 1 . these scores are computed using the maxdepth and averagedepthcohesion scores of our system , respectively . for corpus , we computed a total of 79 . 43 % and a maxdepth of 9 . 43 % . this compares to the previous state of the art maxdepth scores of eurparl , which we found to be closer to the originality of the word " ribbon " .
performance ( ndcg % ) comparison for the experiments of applying our principles on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf is the enhanced version as we mentioned . however , it exhibits significantly worse performance than using softmax loss .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . using only p2 indicates the most effective one ( i . e . , hidden dictionary learning ) .
5 compares the performance of these models on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . they show that the hmd - f1 model significantly outperforms both soft and hard alignments ,
3 presents the performance of our approach with respect to direct assessment and eureor . the results are summarized in table 3 . our approach obtains the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 5 bert score .
3 presents the performance of our bleu - 2 model compared to other baselines . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the baseline scores significantly outperform the baseline on all metrics except for bagel - 2 .
performance of the models according to these metrics is reported in table 3 . the summaries are summarized in bold . they are broken down in terms of leic scores ( p < 0 . 001 ) and bertscore - recall ( p ≤ 0 . 005 ) . they are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
results are shown in table 2 . as expected , all models trained on the shen - 1 dataset only slightly outperform the m0 model in terms of performance .
3 shows the performance of our model in the semantic and semantic preservation settings . the results are summarized in table 3 . semantic preservation and transfer quality are the most distinctive features of the two domains , the semantic preservation model is significantly better than the transfer quality model δsim , and is more stable in both languages . in the semantic preservation setting , we have 25 . 4 % overall improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model .
5 presents the human evaluation results . we show the results of human evaluation using the [ italic ] ρ b / w negative pp and human ratings of fluency . it can be seen that both the quality of the generated sentences and the number of negative pp ratings are significant , both for machine and human judgments that match human evaluations .
3 shows the performance of all models using the word " shen - 1 " . it can be seen that the m0 model performs better than m0 , m2 , m3 and m6 + withpara + lang as the base .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves higher bleu than any other model using simple - transfer or n - word embeddings . however , this is not reflected in the acc ∗ score because the classifiers in use vary by row . multi - decoder models are not included as they are worse than the best models using simple transfer . sentiment transfer is restricted to 1000 sentences and human references , so it is harder to replicate the results from previous work . it is also harder to learn the human references from the same 1000 sentences , which is a result of the different classifiers used in the past .
statistics for nested disfluencies are shown in table 2 . reparandum length is the average number of tokens that are predicted to be in the correct utterance . the number of repetition tokens is shorter than the number of utterances .
3 shows the relative frequency of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for both the reparandum and the repair ( table 3 ) . the fraction of tokens predicted to contain a content word is in parentheses , indicating that the disfluencies in the reparandum are caused by word embeddings .
results are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in the best - performing state - of - the - art model . text + innovations significantly improve the model ' s performance over both single and multi - factor models . in addition , the text + innovations model improves the dev score by 0 . 2 in the case of " late " .
2 compares our model with the state - of - art algorithms on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance with a reasonable level of accuracy .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . the unified model significantly outperforms all previous models .
3 shows the performance of our method with and without attention . it shows the effectiveness of both word attention and graph attention for this task . compared to ac - gcn , neuraldater performs significantly better .
model performance in table 1 shows that all models trained on jnn outperform the baseline on all stages except for the one where jnn was trained on the jvm .
3 shows the performance of our method in the event of a single argument . our method outperforms all the other methods in terms of both event and event identification . all the methods used for this task are described in table 3 .
can be seen in table 4 . all but fine - tuned - lm models outperform all the other models in terms of dev perp and test wer , respectively .
results on the dev set and on the test set are shown in table 4 . fine - tuned train dev with only subsets of the code - switched data in it . this results show that fine - tuning has a significant impact on train dev performance , with a significant drop in train test performance .
5 shows the performance of our system in the dev set compared to the monolingual set . fine - tuned - disc improves the performance in the test set , but does not outperform it in the gold sentence analogy .
shown in table 7 , type - aggregated gaze features trained on the three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset . the improvement in precision ( p < 0 . 001 ) is statistically significant , with a drop of 0 . 01 % in f1 - score from the previous experiment .
5 shows the performance of type - aggregated gaze features for the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 ) and f1 - score ( f ) are all statistically significant improvements over the baseline ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) . additionally , the drop in f1 scores from the pre - trained gaze features to the current state of the art is less pronounced ,
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set . the hpcd approach uses syntactic - sg embeddings obtained by using autoextend rothe and schütze ( 2015 ) on glove . however , it does not use the syntactic features obtained by applying skipgram to wordnet 3 . 1 . finally , it uses the semantic features derived from the original paper .
2 shows the performance of our rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . the results are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . it shows the significant drop in ppa acc . from the full model to the low baseline .
2 shows the performance of domain - tuned models adding subtitle data and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . subsfull models outperform both en - de and multi30k in terms of bleu % score . subdomain tuning , in turn , improves the multi - document embeddings performance .
3 shows the performance of subs1m models in en - de . the models trained on flickr16 and mscoco17 are slightly better than those using domain - tuned models . table 3 shows that , when domaintuned , the results are slightly worse than those without . sub - structured models using the word " cocoder " outperform the other models in terms of overall performance .
4 shows bleu scores in terms of the automatic captions added after adding the best ones or all 5 captions . as shown in table 4 , using the best five captions shows , the model performs better than the others when using only the best three captions , so we can further improve our results .
5 compares the performance of different strategies for integrating visual information . we use multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , detectron mask surface and mscoco17 decoding schemes . as shown in table 5 , using enc - gate and dec - gate decoding schemes improves the bleu % scores for both visual information and decoding .
1 shows the performance of subs3m on the en - de and out - of - wiki datasets . sub - categories such as word2vec and word3vec include all the visual features together with the text - only features , improve performance by 2 . 36 points over subs2m . however , the performance drop is still significant even under the multi - lingual setting , which results in a drop of 4 . 38 points from the previous state of the art .
3 shows the performance of our system compared to other systems using the word " fr " . it can be seen that our system performs better than both the original epm ( which relies on word - adapted sentences ) and the word - based ontonotes ( " fr " . however , it is inferior to both epm and mtld .
1 shows the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 shows the english , french and spanish vocabularies used for our models . our system uses the best performing src embeddings .
system reference bleu and ter scores for the rev systems are shown in table 5 . automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) show that rev is better than the original rev system by a large margin .
2 shows the performance of our visually supervised model compared to the standard rsaimage embeddings . pretrained vgs models outperform the supervised model by a significant margin .
results on synthetically spoken coco are shown in table 1 . the visually supervised model outperforms the similarly supervised audio2vec - u model by a noticeable margin .
1 shows the results of different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . for example , cnn turns in a < u > screenplay that shows the edges at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . similarly , dan ( which shows the turn in a screenplay screenplay ) shows the importance of the edges edges edges .
2 shows the part - of - speech ( pos ) changes in sst - 2 : , , and indicate that the number of occurrences have increased , decreased or stayed the same through fine - tuning .
shown in table 3 , the change in sentiment from positive to negative is larger than the change from negative to positive .
table 2 , it can be seen that both positive and negative metrics contribute similarly topubmed ( p < 0 . 001 ) performance . however , the difference is less pronounced for sst - 2 , indicating that more research is needed to improve the interpretability of the word .
