results are presented in table 2 . inference and inference are the best performance on training , while inference is the worst on training . inference outperforms inference .
table 1 shows the results of the treernn model implemented with recursive dataflow graphs , using a linear dataset of varying tree balancedness .
4 - 5 shows the performance of the max pooling strategy for each model with different representation . the maximum pooling strategies outperform all models with the same representation .
3 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type on the f1 score .
results are presented in table 3 . y - 3 outperforms y - 2 in terms of f1 100 % and f1 50 % on the f1 scale .
results are presented in table 3 . the results of the mst - parser test are shown in table 4 . we observe that the results of our test are significantly better than those of our previous test . our results show that our test results are comparable to those of the previous test results .
4 shows the performance of the two indicated systems on the lstm - parser and stagblcc , respectively .
results are presented in table 1 . the original and the original results are shown in table 2 . the original results are summarized in table 3 . the original results were significantly better than the original .
results are presented in table 1 . the original e2e data and the cleaned version are shown in table 2 . the cleaned version of the data is significantly better than the original , as shown in the table 1 .
results are presented in table 1 . original and tgen models are shown in table 2 . the original model outperforms the original model by a significant margin . however , the tgen model is slightly better than the original .
table 4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . we found that the original model had a significant number of errors .
results are presented in table 3 . all models outperform all models in terms of all - in - all performance ( table 3 ) .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . the model size of dcgcn ( ours ) achieves 24 . 5 bleu points . our model size is comparable to that of ggnn2seq ( our ) in terms of parameters , respectively .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of both english - german and english - czech , respectively . we also observe that the single and multi - language models outperform the single - language model by a significant margin .
table 5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the model . the effect of these layers on the overall performance of dc is shown in table 5 .
results are presented in table 6 . we observe that gcn + rc + la ( 4 ) outperforms all other baselines in terms of residual connections . the results are shown in table 7 .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . dcgcn ( 2 ) outperforms the previous model in terms of the number of participants .
table 8 shows the performance of amr15 on the dev set . - { i , 4 } dense blocks denotes removing the dense connections in the i - th block .
3 shows the results of the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of coverage , with the exception of our model , which outperforms both our model and our model .
results are shown in table 7 . table 7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our model outperforms all the other models in the table .
results are presented in table 3 . table 3 shows the performance of the h - cmow / 400 model . the results are shown in table 4 .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that cbow / 784 outperforms the other two models in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 3 . cbow outperforms hybrid on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . hybrid outperforms both cbow and cbow in terms of overall performance .
results are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms all the other models on supervised downstream tasks , except for sst2 .
results are presented in table 6 . we observe that cmow - r outperforms cbow - c on the unsupervised downstream tasks on both training objectives . however , it is not clear that cbow is superior to cbow on both tasks .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . cmow - c outperforms cbow - r in terms of depth and depth .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are summarized in table 3 . cmow - r outperforms the other two models in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 3 . our model outperforms all other models in terms of e + org , e + per , and e + misc . we also observe that our system outperforms the other models by a significant margin . the results are shown in table 4 . in [ italic ] e + loc , we observe that all models outperform all the other systems except the ones that outperform the other ones . we observe that the results of our model outperform those of the other three models .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms the previous model in terms of f1 scores . we observe that the system outperforms both the previous models in both cases .
table 6 shows the results of the entailment ( ent ) model compared to the model ( g2s - ggnn ) in table 6 . the results are shown in table 7 .
results are presented in table 3 . the model outperforms the ldc2015e86 model by a significant margin . we observe that the models outperform the models in terms of performance . however , the models perform better than the models when compared to the model .
results on ldc2015e86 test set are shown in table 3 . we observe that the models trained with additional gigaword data outperform the ones trained with the external data .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . the ablation results show that bilstm improves the performance of the model compared to other models .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . in table 2 , we compare the performance of the model and the results for the model .
results are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms the reference sentences in terms of the fraction of elements missing in the output that are present in the input .
results are shown in table 4 . sem and pos are significantly better than pos on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) .
results are presented in table 2 . table 2 shows the accuracy of the mft and word2tag tags with baselines and an upper bound .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the pos tagging accuracy performance of the pos tagging accuracy and the pos accuracy performance of both pos and pos , respectively . the pos accuracy score is comparable to that of pos , but is significantly lower than that of ru .
results are presented in table 5 . the results of the uni - bidirectional and res - residual nmt encoders are shown in table 4 .
results are shown in table 8 . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy on different datasets is shown in the table .
table 1 shows the results of training directly towards a single task . the results are shown in table 1 .
table 2 shows the results of the protected attribute leakage experiments in pan16 and pan16 . the results are shown in table 2 .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary score is due to the fact that the adversary is more likely to be incorrect .
table 6 shows the performance of the embedding guarded attribute with different encoders . the performance of embedded guarded is comparable to that of rnn and rnn , respectively .
results are presented in table 2 . this model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . the results are shown in table 3 . these models outperform the previous models by a large margin .
results are presented in table 5 . this model outperforms the previous models in terms of time and performance . the results are shown in table 4 . we also observe that the model is significantly faster than the previous model .
results are presented in table 3 . this model outperforms the previous model in terms of err performance . the results are shown in table 4 .
table 3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . the results are shown in table 3 .
4 shows the performance of the model on squad dataset . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of match / f1 - score . in particular , the models outperform all the models except lrn , which outperforms lrn and lrn .
3 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . the f1 scores are shown in table 6 .
results are shown in table 7 . our model achieves the best performance on snli task with base setting and ptb task with base setting .
results are presented in table 3 . the word word word is used to describe the system retrieval performance of the system . when using the word word , the results are shown in table 4 . in general , word word results are better than word word performance . word word results in better word performance than word - word performance .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 ( table 4 ) . the best results are shown in table 4 .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the ted talks dataset outperforms the df dataset by a significant margin . our model outperforms df in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the results of the ted talks dataset are comparable to those of the df dataset . our results also show that ted talks outperforms df in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the results of the ted talks and docsub datasets are comparable to those of the other two datasets .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . the results show that the numberroots are significantly better than the number of roots in terms of depthcohesion . we also observe that the totalroots have a significant impact on the performance of the model .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in table 2 . the results show that our model is significantly better than the original model . our model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 1 . the performance of the model on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 is comparable to that of the original visdial model .
3 shows the performance of the ablative studies on different models on visdial v1 . 0 validation set . p2 is implemented by the implementations in section 5 .
results are presented in table 5 . table 5 shows the performance of the hmd - prec and wmd - prec on hard and soft alignments .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of direct assessment and direct assessment .
results are presented in table 2 . the bertscore - f1 model outperforms the bleu - 2 model by a significant margin . the results are shown in table 3 . the results show that the baselines are significantly better than the baseline model .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . we also observe that our model improves the performance of our model by 0 . 7 % compared to the previous one .
results are presented in table 3 . the results show that the m0 model outperforms the m2 model by a significant margin . m0 outperforms m2 , m3 , m4 , and m6 in terms of performance . we observe that m0 improves the performance of the m1 model by 3 . 8 % compared to m2 .
results are presented in table 3 . we present the results of our model on the semantic preservation dataset . the results of the model are summarized in table 4 . our model outperforms the other models in terms of transfer quality and transfer quality .
3 shows the results of human sentence - level validation of the metrics . the results are shown in table 5 . the results of the human sentence level validation are comparable to that of the machine and human sentences . we also observe that the human sentences are more accurate than the machine sentences .
results are presented in table 3 . the results show that the m0 model outperforms the m2 model by a significant margin . m0 outperforms m2 , m3 , and m6 in terms of performance . m1 outperforms both m2 and m3 by a large margin .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu than the best model . the best model outperforms all the other models in the classifiers , except for the one that is restricted to 1000 sentences and human references . we also outperform all the others in terms of the number of sentences that are transferred .
3 shows the percentage of disfluent reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluencies . in table 2 , we observe that the number of repetition tokens that are correctly predicted to be disfluent is significantly higher than the number that are incorrectly predicted to have disfluency .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - content ) . for disfluency , the number of tokens correctly predicted to contain a word in each category is shown in table 3 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev mean and innovations mean . we also observe that the single and the innovations mean outperform the single model .
table 2 shows the performance of word2vec embedding on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model outperforms the state - of - art embeddings in terms of accuracy .
3 shows the performance of the unified model on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( table 2 ) .
results are presented in table 3 . in table 3 , we compare the performance of the component models with and without attention for word attention and graph attention .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . however , the best performing models outperform all the others .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that our method outperforms the other methods in terms of both identification and classification . our model outperforms all the other models in both terms of identification and classification .
results are presented in table 2 . all models are shown in table 1 . all models outperform all models except the ones with the best performance . the results show that all models are comparable in terms of performance .
results on the dev set and on the test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
results are presented in table 5 . the performance of the model on the dev set and on the test set are shown in table 4 . we observe that the code - switched model outperforms the monolingual model .
results are shown in table 7 . the precision and recall scores for the three eye - tracking datasets are shown on table 7 , and the f1 - score ( f1 ) is significantly higher than the baseline .
results are presented in table 5 . precision and recall are significantly improved for the conll - 2003 dataset compared to the previous dataset .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are presented in table 1 . we observe that glove - retro improves the performance of wordnet and verbnet by a significant margin over the original paper .
results from rbg are presented in table 2 . rbg outperforms all pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments in the uas .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
results are presented in table 2 . subdomain tuning improves the image caption translation performance by 43 . 3 % compared to multi30k . domain tuning also improves the translation performance of image caption caption translation .
results show that subs1m outperforms subdomain - tuned models in terms of performance . the results are shown in table 1 . subdomain tuned models outperform subdomain tuned ones on both the en - de and in - de datasets .
3 shows the bleu scores in terms of the automatic image captions . the results are shown in table 4 . the results for the multi30k captions are similar to those for all the other captions , except that the automatic images captions outperform the automatic captions on all the captions except the ones with the best ones .
results are presented in table 5 . we observe that enc - gate outperforms dec - gate in terms of bbleu % scores . the results are shown in table 4 . in terms of the bleu % score , we observe that the enc - gates outperform dec - de on both the en - de and enc - de datasets .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m on the en - de model . the results are shown in table 3 . subensemble - of - 3 models outperform subs6ms on the other hand . in terms of performance , subensemble of 3 models outperforms subs2m models on all other models .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that en - fr - trans - ff outperforms en - rnn - ff in terms of translation performance . in table 3 , we compare the performance of en - es - ht and en - frit - ff . the results are shown in table 4 .
table 1 shows the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for each language pair .
3 shows the results of training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data .
5 shows the results of automatic evaluation scores for rev systems . the results are shown in table 5 . bleu and ter are the best for the rev system .
results on flickr8k are presented in table 2 . vgs is the visually supervised model from chrupala2017representations , and segmatch is the hierarchical supervised model .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in the table 1 . we observe that our model outperforms all other models in terms of performance .
3 shows the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the edges of the screenplay ) when it is in the edges .
table 2 shows the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of words in the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same through fine tuning .
results are shown in table 3 . sentiment score changes in sst - 2 indicate that negative labels are flipped to positive and vice versa . the difference in sentiment between positive and negative labels is significant .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in table 2 . we observe that the performance of our model is significantly better than that of our previous model . the performance of the model is comparable to that of the previous model in terms of performance .
