2 presents the results of our recursive approach on the large movie review dataset . the results are shown in table 2 . the recursive approach performs the best on training , while the iterative approach shows the best performance on training .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset when the batch size increases from 1 to 25 .
2 presents the results for each model with different representation . the max pooling strategy consistently performs better in all model variations . the maximum pooling strategies consistently outperform all other approaches except softplus .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . the results are shown in table 1 . our model achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) without sdp . however , our model performs worse than the macro - averaged model .
results are shown in table 3 . y - 3 outperforms y - 2 in terms of f1 and r - f1 by a significant margin . the results are presented in table 4 .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other methods except mst - parser , which outperforms both our approach and our approach by a significant margin . we also observe that our model performs significantly better on the test set than our approach .
4 shows the performance of the two indicated systems over the runs given in table 2 . the best performing system is the lstm - parser , with a c - f1 score of 100 % over the baseline .
results are presented in table 1 . the original and the original are shown in table 2 . the original is better than the original , but the original is slightly worse than the correct model . we also observe that the original model is more likely to be wrong than correct , and that the wrong model is less likely to have a correct answer .
shown in table 1 , we compare the original e2e data with our cleaned version ( see section 3 ) . the results show that the original and the cleaned versions have the highest number of distinct mrs and the greatest number of textual references .
3 presents the results of the original and the original experiments . the results are presented in table 3 . the original and original experiments are shown in table 4 . the original experiments outperform the original ones by a significant margin . in addition , the original experiment outperforms the original one by a considerable margin .
4 presents the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . we found that the original training set had a significant number of errors , and the slight disfluencies had a large impact on the performance of the training set .
results are presented in table 1 . all models outperform all the other models except for snrg ( song et al . , 2017 ) and tree2str ( konstas and cohen , 2018 ) . we observe that all models perform better than all the models except snrg , which performs slightly worse than snrg .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . our model achieves a bleu score of 27 . 5 , which indicates that the model size of the ensemble model is comparable to that of the original seq2seqb model .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the english - german model outperforms the german model by a significant margin , the english - czech model also outperforms both the german and czech models in terms of performance . however , the results are not statistically significant , indicating that the differences in performance between the two models are small .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the overall performance of the dc layer . the results are shown in table 5 . table 5 shows that dc layers have a significant effect on the performance of dc layers . it is clear that dc layer layers have significant impact on the quality of the overall dc layer , we observe that when dc layers are nested in dc , they have a large impact on performance .
6 shows the performance of the baselines with residual connections . the results are shown in table 6 . we observe that the residual connections with the gcn are significantly less significant than those without them .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that dcgcn ( 2 ) outperforms dcgcgcn in terms of number of participants and number of times that it is able to achieve a significant number of results . the results are shown in table 4 .
8 shows the results of ablation study for amr15 on the dev set . the results are shown in table 8 . - { i } dense block denotes removing the dense connections in the i - th block , and - { 4 } dense blocks denote removing the densities in the ii - th blocks .
9 shows the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are shown in table 9 . our model outperforms all the other models except for dcgcn4 , which outperforms our model by a significant margin .
7 presents the results of our experiment on probing tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches except glorot , which outperforms our model by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 4 . the results show that h - cmow / 400 outperforms all the other methods in terms of depth and coordinv . however , the results are not statistically significant , indicating that the method performs better than the other approaches .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other methods except subj and mpqa . subj outperforms both sst2 and sst5 in terms of performance . we also observe that our model performs better than the other two methods in both cases .
3 shows the relative performance of our model on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . the results are shown in table 3 .
8 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches except for sst2 and sts - b , which outperform all the others .
6 shows the results for different training objectives on unsupervised downstream tasks . the results are shown in table 6 . cmow - c outperforms cbow - r on both the un supervised downstream tasks and on the supervised upstream tasks . however , the results are slightly worse for both the trained downstream tasks , as shown in fig . 6 .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . cmow - c outperforms both cbow - r and somo - r in terms of depth and coordinv , respectively .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that our model outperforms all the other methods except subj and sst2 , which both outperform subj in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . in [ italic ] e + loc and e + per , the system outperforms all the other models except for mil - nd and τmil - nd , which both outperform all the systems except for the one that outperforms both the original and the original models . we also observe that both systems outperform the original model in terms of e + org and per . however , we observe that the system does not perform well in all cases .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of e + p and f1 scores . we also observe that our model performs significantly better than all the other models except mil - nd ( model 1 ) . we observe that the model performs better than the other two models in both settings .
6 : entailment ( ent ) is shown in table 6 . our model outperforms all the other models except for g2s - gin , which outperforms both the model and the model by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 3 . the model outperforms the ldc2017t10 and ldc2015e86 in terms of performance . we observe that the model performs better than the model on both datasets , but still performs slightly worse than the other models .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when trained with additional gigaword data . the results are shown in table 3 .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . we observe that bilstm significantly improves the performance of the model compared to the previous ablation studies .
results are shown in table 1 . the average sentence length is significantly larger than the average sentence size , indicating that the model is more accurate at predicting sentence length than the model . we also observe that g2s - gin significantly outperforms the model in terms of sentence length and sentence length .
shown in table 8 , the fraction of elements in the input that are missing in the output that are not present in the generated sentence ( g2s - gin ) , for the test set of ldc2017t10 . note that the percentage of elements missing in both the input and the generated sentences ( miss ) is significantly higher than that of the reference sentences .
4 presents the results of our model on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of accuracy .
2 presents the results of our classifier using unsupervised word embeddings . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the best performing classifier is word2tag .
results are presented in table 2 . the pos tagging accuracy scores are shown in table 1 . our results show that pos tagging accuracy is significantly better than those of the other two methods , but still slightly worse than the other methods . table 2 shows the performance of both pos and pos using the same method .
5 shows the accuracy of the uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders over all non - english target languages , averaged over all 4 layers of the 4 - layer uni and bi encoderers .
8 shows the performance of the attacker and the corresponding adversary on different datasets . the results are shown in table 8 . the attacker score is the difference between the trained and the trained adversary ’ s accuracy .
1 shows the performance of pan16 when training directly towards a single task . the results are shown in table 1 .
2 presents the results of the protected attribute leakage experiments in table 2 . the results are shown in bold . we observe that the word " race " and " gender " are the most common words used to describe the performance of the task . the word " gender " is the most frequently used word for the task , but it is less frequently used for the unbalanced task .
3 shows the performance of pan16 on different datasets with an adversarial training . the performance on pan16 is the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy on the training dataset .
6 shows the performance of the embeddings with different encoders . embedding rnn and rnn with the same encoder results in significantly higher performance than embedded rnn .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . this model outperforms the previous model by a significant margin . it also outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . in particular , it outperforms both the original model and the original one by a large margin .
results are presented in table 5 . our model outperforms all the previous models by a considerable margin . the results show that our model performs better than all the other models except for gru , which performs slightly worse than sru .
results are presented in table 4 . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of err performance . the results are shown in table 5 . we observe that our model performs better than all the other models except for the lstm model , which performs slightly worse than the original model .
3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . the model outperforms all the other models except sru and gru in terms of time in the training batch measured from 0 . 2k training steps on the newstest2014 dataset .
4 presents the results of our model on squad dataset . we observe that the parameter number of base is significantly higher than that of lrn and sru , indicating that the model is more likely to outperform the model in match / f1 - score . further , we observe that our model outperforms the model by a considerable margin .
6 shows the f1 score of our model on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the parameter number in the reported result ( see table 6 ) . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models except sru and lrn in terms of f1 scores ( table 6 ) .
7 presents the results of our model on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting setting .
results are shown in table 1 . the word word word classifier ( mtr ) is used for both system retrieval and mtr word classifiers ( r - 2 , r - 2 ) in both cases , the word - word classifier outperforms the system - based classifier by a significant margin . when using the word " sentiment " , the word word - classifier ( rtr ) improves the performance for both systems . it also improves the overall performance of the human classifier , it improves upon the human model by a considerable margin .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among all systems is shown in table 4 . our system outperforms all the automatic systems except seq2seqaug .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models except for df , which outperforms both df and df by a significant margin . we also observe that our model performs better than df , df , tf , tf and df in terms of performance , but still performs worse than df .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that our approach outperforms most of the other approaches in terms of performance . however , we observe that the results are slightly worse than the results of other approaches , such as docsub and docsub .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the two that we used in the previous study . we also observe that our model performs better than the other two models in terms of performance , but still performs worse than our model .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models except for europarl , which outperforms both our model and our model by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models except for europarl , which outperforms both our model and our model by a significant margin .
shown in table 1 , lf is the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 . the results are shown in the table 1 .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on visdial v1 . 0 validation set . the results are shown in table 2 .
5 presents the results of our model on hard and soft alignments . the results are presented in table 5 .
results are presented in table 1 . the baselines are shown in table 2 . we observe that the meteor + + model outperforms all the other models in terms of direct assessment and direct assessment by a significant margin ( e . g . , bertscore - f1 ) . we also observe that our model improves the direct assessment performance by a considerable margin ( i . e . , by a margin of 0 . 05 points ) . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperform all the models except for those that do not use meteors + + .
results are presented in table 1 . the bleu - 2 model outperforms both meteor and bertscore - f1 by a significant margin . however , the baselines are significantly worse than the baseline , which indicates that the model is more likely to outperform the baseline by a large margin .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms all the baselines except leic and spice . we observe that our model performs better than all the other models except for wmd - 1 and w2v . however , our model does not achieve the best performance on all models except those that do not use leic .
results are presented in table 4 . the results show that m0 [ italic ] and m6 ( para + lang ) significantly outperform the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of performance . as expected , the results are slightly worse than those of m1 , m6 , and m7 , respectively . in particular , the performance of the m0 model is significantly worse than that of m2 , which shows that the model is more likely to perform better than the original model .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of transfer quality , transfer quality and transfer quality . we observe that the results are significantly better than those of the previous model , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task at hand . as expected , the results of our model outperform the baseline model by a significant margin .
5 presents the results of human sentence - level validation . the results are shown in table 5 . the results show that the machine and human ratings of semantic preservation are significantly better than those of the human ones , indicating that the human evaluations are more accurate than the machine ones . however , the results are not statistically significant .
results are presented in table 4 . the results show that m0 [ italic ] + para + lang significantly outperforms m1 ( m2 + lang ) and m6 + ( m6 + lang ) , respectively . however , the results are slightly worse than those of m1 and m2 ( m3 + lang ) .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ on the same 1000 sentences and human references . however , our best model performs slightly worse than our previous work , which is due to different classifiers in use .
2 shows the percentage of disfluent reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluencies . the number of repetition tokens is shown in table 2 , and the number of instances that are correctly predicted to be disfluent .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - content ) . the fraction of tokens that contain the content word is shown in table 3 .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev and innovations performance . in addition , the model performs better than all the models except for the single model , which performs worse than all models except the one with innovations .
2 shows the performance of word2vec on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model outperforms all the state - of - art embeddings on the test dataset by a significant margin .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better , lower is better ) .
3 shows the effectiveness of word attention and graph attention for this task . the results show that word attention is effective for word attention , and graph attention is beneficial for graph attention .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models except for jrnn , which outperforms our model by 3 . 5 points .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that our method outperforms all the other methods in terms of identification and classification . the results are shown in table 2 . in table 1 , we observe that the method obtains the best results with the best f1 scores with the highest accuracy .
results are presented in table 2 . all models are shown in table 1 . the results show that all models are comparable in performance , with the exception of the spanish - only model , where the average performance is slightly better than the english - only - lm model .
4 presents the results on the dev set and test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
5 shows the performance on the dev set compared to the monolingual set . the results are shown in table 5 . we observe that fine - tuned - disc and fine - tuned - disc significantly outperform the gold sentence on the test set .
shown in table 7 , type - aggregated gaze features trained on all three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset are statistically significant improvements over the previous work .
5 presents the results for the conll - 2003 dataset ( see table 5 ) . the results are shown in table 5 . the precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 ) and f1 - score for using type - aggregated gaze features is significantly higher than the baseline baseline .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are shown in table 1 . syntactic - sg embeddings are used in wordnet 3 . 1 , and glove - retro is used in verbnet 4 . 1 . the results on the original paper are presented in table 2 . we note that the syntactic embedding embedding is used for wordnet , verbnet , and wordnet ( 2017 ) .
2 presents the results of the rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
table 2 shows the results for the en - de and flickr16 datasets , with the exception of the multi30k dataset , where the domain tuning is used for image caption translation .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that subs1m outperforms all other models except for the one with domain - tuned features . the results are presented in table 5 . our model outperforms the other models in both en - de and flickr17 .
4 shows bleu scores in terms of automatic captions ( only the best one or all 5 ) . the results with marian amun are shown in table 4 .
5 presents the results of our experiments using transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , and detectron mask surface . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that the enc - gate and dec - gate embeddings perform better than the dec - gates on the en - de dataset .
3 shows the performance of subs3m and subs6m in terms of text - only and multi - lingual embeddings . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the performance on both datasets is comparable to that on en - de , but the performance is slightly better on the single - language dataset . further , we observe that both the multi - language model and the subs2m model perform better on single language datasets .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that en - fr - rnn - ff outperforms en - es - ht and en - fl - ff on the mtld test set . the results are presented in table 2 .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 presents the results of our training on the english , french and spanish datasets .
5 presents the results for the rev systems using automatic evaluation scores ( bleu and ter ) for the system reference . the results are shown in table 5 .
results on flickr8k are presented in table 2 . the vgs model outperforms all the previous models in terms of recall @ 10 and f1 .
results are shown in table 1 . the results are presented in the table 1 . we observe that our approach outperforms the previous approach by a significant margin .
shown in table 1 , we report further examples of the different classifiers used in the original on sst - 2 . for example , cnn turns in a screenplay that < u > at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it . dan < c > and rnn ( in the same sentence ) turn on the edges of the screenplay .
2 presents the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . the average number of words in the original sentence is 69 . 0 % compared to 69 . 5 % on the second sentence , indicating that fine tuning has not changed the number of occurrences .
3 presents the results of the experiment on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . the results show that the negative labels are flipped to positive and the positive labels to negative , respectively .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the performance of sst - 2 and sift - 2 is comparable to that of pubmed . however , the results are slightly worse than pubmed and pubmed , respectively . in addition , we observe that there is no significant difference in performance between the two approaches , indicating that both approaches are comparable in performance .
