results are shown in table 2 . inference and inference perform best on training , while inference performs the best on inference . inference performance is comparable to inference .
results are shown in table 1 . the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput when the batch size increases from 1 to 25 . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset , which exhibits the lowest throughput .
results are presented in table 2 . the maximum pooling strategy performs best in all models with different representation size .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the shortest dependency path on each relation type is the shortest one on each dependency path . we also observe that it is possible to improve f1 with sdp .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that y - 3 achieves the best performance on the f1 test set , with the exception of y - 2 achieving the worst performance .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the results of our tests are comparable to those of our previous tests . we also observe that our test results are significantly better than those of the previous test results . our test results show that our results are consistent with our previous results .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems . the best performance is achieved on the essay vs . paragraph level .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . the original and the original results are reported in table 5 . the original and the original results are summarized in table 6 . we observe that the original is better than the original , but the original has a slightly worse performance . we also observe that both the original and original results have a slightly better performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the original and the cleaned versions of the e2e data are shown in fig . 1 . in the original and cleaned versions , we can see that our slot matching script has a significant effect on the performance of the slot matching scripts ( see section 3 ) . in the cleaned version , we see that we can reduce the number of mrs by 1 . 5pt / 2pt compared to the original .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the results of the original and the original tests in table 3 . the original results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the original model outperforms the original on all three tests . we also observe that both the original and the original models outperform the original ones on both tests .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . the results are shown in table 4 . the error analysis results are presented in the table 4 . we observe that the removal of missing and missing values significantly improves the accuracy of the training .
results are presented in table 1 . all models outperform all models except for the ones with the best performance on the external model .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . we observe that the model size is significantly larger than that of ggnn2seqb , and that it achieves a lower bleu score . as expected , we observe that our model size has a significant impact on performance .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of english - german and english - czech , respectively . the results show that the single and multi - language models outperform all other models except for the single model .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the performance of the layers in dc . we observe that dc has a significant effect on the overall performance of all layers in the dc .
results are shown in table 6 . we observe that gcns with residual connections with baselines are more likely to have residual connections than those without residual connections .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that dcgcn ( 2 ) achieves the best performance in all three models , with the exception of dgcn ( 3 ) achieving the worst performance .
results are shown in table 8 . we observe that the dense blocks in the dev set of amr15 are significantly less dense than the dense ones in the i - th block . this indicates that the density of the dense connections is less than that of the other dense blocks .
results are shown in table 9 . the results of the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder are presented in fig . 9 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of coverage , with the exception of dcgcn4 .
results are shown in table 7 . we show that our initialization strategies outperform all other approaches on probing tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . table 1 shows the results of our method in table 3 . table 2 shows the performance of our methods in table 4 .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the cbow / 784 model outperforms all the other models except for sst2 , which outperforms the other two models in terms of performance . we also observe that both models outperform the other three models by a factor of 0 . 2 % .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that cbow and hybrid are comparable in terms of performance on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . however , cbow outperforms hybrid on all other downstream tasks .
results are shown in table 8 . we show that our initialization strategies outperform all other approaches on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other approaches , except for the ones that outperform the original ones .
results are shown in table 6 . we observe that cmow - r outperforms cbow - c on the unsupervised downstream tasks . however , it is not clear that it achieves the best performance on both tasks . in particular , it does not achieve the highest performance on sts13 .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that cbow - r outperforms the previous two methods in terms of depth and length . the results are shown in table 4 . table 4 shows the results of our method in table 5 . table 5 shows the performance of our approach in table 6 .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the cbow - r model outperforms the other two models in terms of performance . we also observe that it outperforms both the sst2 and sst5 models by a significant margin . however , we observe that both models outperform both the subj model and the mrpc model by a large margin .
results are presented in table 3 . we show the results of our system in table 4 . the results are shown in table 5 . our system outperforms all the other systems in terms of e + org , e + per , and e + misc . we observe that our system performs better than all other systems except mil - nd .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our model achieves the highest f1 scores in all three settings . our system achieves the best f1 score in both settings . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models except mil - nd .
results are shown in table 6 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of entailment ( ent ) and ref ( ref ) .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the model outperforms the ldc2017t10 and ldc2015e86 models in terms of performance . we also observe that both models outperform the previous models by a significant margin .
results on ldc2015e86 test set are shown in table 3 . we observe that the gigaword data are significantly better than the external data , and that the model is more likely to outperform the external ones .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . we observe that bilstm improves the performance of the model by 2 . 5 % compared to the previous model .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the model outperforms the previous model in terms of the average number of frames per second . the results are shown in table 4 . in particular , we observe that s2s - ggnn outperforms both the previous models in the graph diameter and graph diameter metrics .
results are shown in table 8 . our model outperforms all the other models in the ldc2017t10 test set by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 4 . the results are presented in the table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of accuracy .
results are shown in table 2 . the results are presented in the table 2 . our model achieves the highest accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . we also observe that our model outperforms all other models in terms of baselines .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of the pos tagging accuracy algorithm on the table . the results are shown in table 2 . our results are comparable to those of the previous table .
results are shown in table 5 . the results are presented in the table 5 . as expected , the results are comparable across all four layers of nmt encoders .
results are shown in table 8 . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in fig . 8 .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the training directly towards a single task improves the accuracy of the task .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the results of the test set on pan16 and pan16 . the results are shown in fig . 2 . in both cases , we observe that the classifier and classifier are slightly different from each other . the classifier is slightly different in both cases . we observe that it is possible to distinguish between classifiers and classifiers .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary score is significant . we also observe that when the target is trained with a trained adversarial training , the target score is significantly higher .
6 shows the performance of embedding guarded with different encoders . the performance of guarded is comparable to that of rnn and rnn in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 2 . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of performance . we observe that our model achieves the best performance on all three models .
results are presented in table 5 . this model outperforms all the previous models in terms of time and accuracy .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models in terms of err . we also observe that it outperforms both the yahoo and yelp err by a significant margin .
3 shows the bleu score on the wmt14 english - german translation task . our model outperforms all the previous models in terms of accuracy , performance , and accuracy .
results published by wang et al . ( 2017 ) are shown in table 4 . our model achieves the best performance on squad dataset . we observe that the parameter number of base is significantly higher than that of sru and sru ( 2017 ) . we also observe that our model achieves better performance than sru , sru or sru .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the parameter number in the reported result , and sru denotes the reported results .
results are shown in table 7 . our model achieves the best performance on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity with ptb setting .
results are presented in table 1 . word and word are used to describe the results of the system retrieval task . the word and word results are shown in table 2 . we observe that word - based systems are more effective than the system - based ones . in particular , the word word results in higher performance than the system - based system .
4 shows the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the results are shown in table 4 . the best performance among all systems is shown in bold .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the results of our experiments are comparable to those of our previous experiments . the results are shown in table 4 . our results show that our experiments outperform the previous ones .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the results of the ted talks test are comparable to those of the df test set . the results are shown in table 4 . our results show that our approach outperforms both df and df .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the results of our experiments are comparable to those of our previous experiments . the results are shown in table 4 . our results show that our experiments outperform the previous ones by a significant margin .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our results show that our approach achieves the best results in terms of depthcohesion . our approach outperforms all the other approaches except for the best ones . we also observe that our model achieves a better depth cohesion than those of the other two approaches . we observe that the results of our approach are consistent across all three approaches .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our results show that our approach achieves the best results in terms of depthcohesion . our approach outperforms all the other approaches except for the best ones . we also observe that our model achieves a high level of depthcohesion , which is comparable to the best of the best in the other two approaches . our model achieves an average of 1 . 5 times the maximum depth of our approach .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that lf is the enhanced version of visdial v1 . 0 , while lf + p1 is the improved version . the results are shown in fig . 1 .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that p2 is the most effective one ( i . e . , hidden dictionary learning ) compared to p1 and p2 .
results are presented in table 5 . we observe that hmd - prec and wmd - f1 outperform both the soft and soft alignments on hard alignments . we also observe that the soft alignment outperforms the soft alignment on soft alignment .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of direct assessment and direct assessment . we observe that our model improves the direct assessment performance by 0 . 5 points compared to other models .
results are presented in table 1 . the bagel and sfhotel scores are shown in table 2 . our model outperforms all the other baselines except meteor , which outperforms both bleu - 1 and smd - 2 .
results are presented in table 2 . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that our model outperforms all the other models except for wmd - 1 and w2v . our model achieves the best performance on both metrics .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m1 model by a significant margin . in particular , it outperforms both the m2 model and the m3 model by 0 . 7 points .
results are presented in table 2 . we show the results of our model with the best transfer quality and the highest transfer quality . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of transfer quality , with the exception of the one with the worst transfer quality ( m7 ) . we also show that our model achieves the best transfer quality and transfer quality with the highest transfer quality .
5 shows the results of human sentence - level validation . the results are shown in table 5 . the results of the human sentence level validation are comparable to those of the machine and human evaluations . we also observe that the results are comparable with those obtained from the human evaluation .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m1 model by a significant margin . in particular , we observe that it outperforms both the m2 model and the m3 model in terms of performance .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ on the same 1000 sentences and human references . however , our best model is restricted to 1000 sentences , which is slightly worse than our previous work .
results are shown in table 2 . we observe that repetition tokens are more likely to be disfluent than repetition tokens . we also observe that the number of repetition tokens is slightly higher than the average number of reparandum tokens , which indicates that the repetition tokens may be more reliable than the original ones .
3 shows the relative frequency of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - function ) . table 3 also shows the percentage of tokens correctly predicted to contain a word in each category .
results are presented in table 3 . the results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the text + innovations model outperforms the single - sentiment model in terms of dev and innovations .
3 shows the performance of word2vec embedding on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance on both test datasets , with the exception of the word2vec embedding .
results are presented in table 2 . the unified model outperforms all previous methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better ) .
results are shown in table 3 . in table 3 , we compare the performance of the word attention and graph attention models with and without attention . the results show that word attention outperforms graph attention for word attention .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the jnn model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . we also observe that jnn outperforms jnn on all the test sets .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the method outperforms all the other methods in terms of identification and classification . we also observe that both the method and the classification method outperform all the previous methods in both cases . in particular , we observe that all the classification methods outperform the original method in both instances .
results are presented in table 2 . all models are shown in table 1 . all but one are shown with the exception of english - only - lm , which is shown in fig . 2 . the results show that all models are comparable in performance .
results on the test set are shown in table 4 . we observe that fine - tuned training with only subsets of the code - switched data improves the train dev performance by 0 . 5 points .
5 shows the performance on the dev set compared to the monolingual set on the test set . the results are shown in table 5 . we observe that the performance of the gold sentence is comparable to that of fine - tuned - disc .
results are shown in table 7 . the precision and recall scores for all three eye - tracking datasets are shown to be significantly better than those for the previous two datasets .
results are presented in table 5 . the precision and recall scores on the conll - 2003 dataset are shown in fig . 5 . we observe that type - aggregated gaze features significantly improve recall and recall performance , with a significant improvement in recall performance over baseline .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are shown in table 1 . we observe that the glove - retro embeddings are significantly better than the original glove embedding , and that they are more consistent with wordnet , verbnet and wordnet .
results from rbg are presented in table 2 . we observe that rbg outperforms all other pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments in terms of ppa accuracy .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model .
results are shown in table 2 . subdomain - tuned and domain tuning are used for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . subsubdomain tuning is used to improve the translation quality of the image caption .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that subs1m outperforms subs2m in both en - de and in - de settings . our model outperforms subdomain - tuned models in all three cases except for the one that outperforms the subdomaintuned model .
4 shows the bleu scores in terms of automatic image captions . the results with marian amun are shown in table 4 . the best automatic captions are the ones with the best ones . the best ones are those with only one or all 5 .
results are presented in table 5 . we observe that enc - gate and dec - gate are the best approaches for integrating visual information . the results are shown in fig . 5 . the results of the en - de model are presented as a result of the use of transformer and multi30k + subs3mlm .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that the subs3m model outperforms the subs6m model in terms of text - only features . the results are shown in table 4 . in the en - de model , we observe that it is possible to improve the performance of the subs2m model by adding text features to the model .
results are presented in table 3 . we observe that en - fr - ff and en - rnn - ff are comparable in terms of translation performance , but are not comparable in translation performance .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
results are shown in table 2 . the english , french and spanish vocabularies used for our models are comparable to those used in the french , spanish and spanish datasets .
5 shows the bleu and ter scores for the rev systems . we note that the automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) are significantly higher than the ter scores ( ter ) .
results on flickr8k are presented in table 2 . we observe that the vgs model outperforms the segmatch model in terms of recall @ 10 . 0 .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the performance of the audio2vec - u model is comparable to that of segmatch , and that segmatch performs better than segmatch .
3 shows the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the the edges ) and on a curve ( in in the edges ) . this shows that it is very clever to turn on the edges of a screenplay .
4 shows the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of words with respect to the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same . we also observe that it is possible to improve the accuracy of the sentence by a factor of two .
results are shown in table 3 . the positive and negative labels are flipped to positive , and the negative ones to negative . the negative label is flipped to negative and the positive labels to positive .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the results of our experiments are generally positive , but the results are slightly negative . the results of the experiments are reported in table 3 . in particular , we observe that these results are more likely to be positive than negative .
