2 shows the performance of the treelstm model on training with the large movie review dataset . throughput performs best on training , with the best performance on inference . inference performance is comparable to the recur model , with a slight drop in training performance .
table 1 shows the performance of the treernn model when the batch size increases from 1 to 25 , and when the number of iterations increases from 10 to 25 .
2 shows the results for each model with different representation size . the maximum pooling strategy consistently performs better in all model variations . as shown in table 2 , the model with the highest number of hyper parameters has the best performance in all models .
results in table 1 show the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp is achieved with a f1 of 0 . 01 . our model outperforms the macro - averaged model in terms of f1 without sdp .
results are presented in table 3 . y - 3 outperforms y - 2 in terms of f1 and r - f1 . the results are shown in table 4 . in the case of y - 4 , the results are significantly better than y - 1 : y - 3 : y .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our test set are presented in tables 1 and 2 . our model outperforms all the other methods except mst - parser , which achieves the best performance .
4 shows the performance of the lstm - parser and stagblcc systems compared to the previous state - of - the - art systems . the results are shown in table 4 .
results are presented in table 1 . the original and the original models are shown in bold . the original model outperforms all the other models in terms of bleu , nist , and cider . in addition , the original model performs better than the original on all the test sets .
results are presented in table 1 . the original e2e data and our cleaned version are comparable in terms of mrs and ser . we can see that the original and the cleaned versions have the highest number of distinct mrs compared to the original .
results are presented in table 1 . the original and original models outperform the original models in all but one of the three cases . the original model outperforms both the original and the original ones in terms of accuracy . in addition , the original model performs better than the original on all three cases except for the one in which it outperforms the original .
4 shows the results of manual error analysis of tgen on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set . we found that the original training set had a significant number of errors , and that it had a slight disfluency in the training set . we also found a significant percentage of errors that had to be added to the original set .
results are presented in table 1 . all models outperform all the other models except for seq2seqk ( konstas et al . , 2017 ) and tree2str ( pourdamghani and cohen , 2018 ) in terms of performance , with the exception of snrg , where all models perform better than snrg .
results on amr17 are presented in table 2 . our model achieves 24 . 5 bleu points , which is comparable to the performance of seq2seqb . we observe that our model performs better than other models in terms of model size . the results of our model are comparable to those of other models , as shown in table 1 .
results are presented in table 1 . the english - czech model outperforms all the other models in terms of english - language b and c . in english - german , the results are reported in table 2 . we observe that the single - language models outperform the multi - language model in both english and german , however , we observe that both the single and multilanguage models are more likely to outperform each other in both languages .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside dc on the overall performance of the model . table 5 shows that we can see that dc has a significant effect on the performance of our model . we observe that when we add layers of layers , the model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance .
6 shows the performance of baselines with residual connections . the results are shown in table 6 . with residual connections , gcns with gcn + rc + la ( 4 ) and dcgcn + 1 ( 9 ) are comparable in performance with baselines .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that dcgcn ( 2 ) outperforms all other models in terms of performance . however , the results are not statistically significant , indicating that the model performs better than all the other models . in particular , we observe that the performance improvement is due to the small size of the model .
8 shows the results of the ablation study for amr15 . the results are shown in table 8 . table 8 shows that removing the dense connections in the i - th block improves the performance of the model .
9 shows the ablation study for the graph encoder and the lstm decoder . the results are presented in table 9 . encoder modules have the best performance on both datasets , with the exception of dcgcn4 which has the worst performance .
7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our paper shows that our method outperforms all the other approaches except glorot and subjnum . our method achieves the best performance on all three approaches .
results are presented in table 1 . the best performing method is h - cmow / 400 , which outperforms all the other methods except for h - cbow . it also performs better than all the others in terms of depth and precision . it achieves the best performance on both datasets .
results are presented in table 1 . subj performs better than sst2 and sst5 on the mrpc test set . subj outperforms both mpqa and sts - b on both test sets . sick - e performs better on both mrpc and subj test sets , but is slightly worse on both tests .
3 shows the performance of our model on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models . cbow shows the relative change with respect to hybrid compared to cbow . the results are summarized in table 3 .
8 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our model outperforms all the other models except subj and mpqa . it also outperforms both sst2 and sst5 in terms of initialization performance . it is clear that our model performs better than all the previous models .
6 shows the results for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . cmow - r outperforms cbow - c and sts14 on both training objectives . however , it does not achieve the best performance on sts15 .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in table 2 . as expected , our method outperforms all the other methods except cbow - c , which is more accurate . we observe that our method performs better than other methods in terms of depth and coordinv .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in tables 1 and 2 . our model outperforms all the other methods except subj and sst2 . we observe that subj outperforms subj in both mrpc and mpqa by a significant margin . we also observe that our model performs better than all the previous models except for sick - e , which performs worse than subj . this suggests that our approach is superior to the previous model .
results are presented in table 1 . in [ italic ] e + org and e + per , the system outperforms all other methods except name matching . the results are summarized in table 2 . name matching outperforms both name matching and misc . it is clear that the system performs better than all other approaches except for name matching , which shows that it performs better in all cases . however , it does not outperform all the other approaches .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our system achieves the best e + p and f1 scores in both settings . we observe that the system performs better than the previous models in terms of e + f1 and e + r . the system performs similarly to the previous model , with the exception of name matching .
6 : entailment ( ent ) and ref ( ref ) in the model outperform all other models except g2s - gin , which outperforms all models except those that do not have ref . in particular , we observe that ref outperforms ref in both models .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the ldc2017t10 model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance , with the exception of s2s - ggnn , which outperforms ldc2015e86 .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . the results are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models except for the ones trained with gigawords .
results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in table 4 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of size and size .
results are presented in table 1 . the model outperforms all the models except g2s - gin in terms of sentence length and sentence length . we observe that the model performs better than the model on both metrics , with the exception of the graph diameter .
8 shows the performance of the models in the test set of ldc2017t10 . the results are shown in table 8 . in the model , the fraction of elements missing in the input graph is significantly larger than the fraction in the output graph .
4 shows the performance of pos and ar on a smaller parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) , trained with different target languages , and tested with different training layers .
2 shows the accuracy of unsupemb and word2tag with baselines and an upper bound . the results are shown in table 2 . the results show that using unsupervised word embeddings improves the performance of the mft model .
results are presented in table 1 . table 1 shows the performance of the pos tagging accuracy and ru metric . the performance of both metrics is comparable to those of the other two metrics . our results are comparable to the results of the previous table .
5 shows the accuracy of our uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders over all non - english target languages , averaged over all four layers of the 4 - layer uni and bi encoderers .
8 shows the performance of the attacker on different datasets . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 8 .
1 shows the performance of pan16 and pan16 when training directly towards a single task . the results are presented in table 1 .
2 shows the results of the protected attribute leakage experiments . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the word " task " has the highest correlation with the number of instances in the task , which indicates that the task is balanced and unbalanced .
3 shows the performance of pan16 on different datasets with an adversarial training . the difference between the attacker score and the corresponding adversary ’ s accuracy is shown in table 3 . when trained on pan16 , the attacker scores are significantly higher than the target score .
6 shows the performance of the embedded and guarded encoders compared to the rnn encoder .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the models in terms of model performance . the results are summarized in table 2 . we observe that our model outperform all models in both model performance and model performance , we also observe that the model performs better than the other models when using finetune and sru models .
results are presented in table 5 . our model outperforms all models except gru . we observe that gru has the best performance on all models , with the exception of lstm , which has the worst performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of err performance . we observe that the model performs better than all the models except for the ones that do not have the best performance . this is due to the fact that it does not have a significant performance drop .
3 shows the bleu score of our model on wmt14 english - german translation task . our model outperforms all previous models except sru and gru in terms of decoding one sentence per training batch . sru outperforms both gru and sru in both languages .
4 shows the performance of our model on squad dataset . our model outperforms all the models except lrn , sru , and atr . we observe that our model performs better than other models in terms of match / f1 - score . in particular , we observe that the model performs worse than all models except sru and sru .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . lstm * denotes the parameter number in the reported result , and sru denotes the performance of the model . the performance of sru is comparable to that of lrn . sru shows that the model performs better than lrn and lrn in terms of performance .
results are shown in table 7 . snli model outperforms ptb model on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting setting .
results are presented in table 1 . the word - based system retrieval ( mtr ) outperforms the human system ( r - 2 ) in terms of performance . word - based systems are more effective than system - based ones , in general , the word based system is better than the human one . in particular , word based systems outperform human systems , word based systems are better than human ones . as expected , word embeddings are less effective than human systems .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . the best performance among all systems is achieved on a test set of 1 , 2 , 3 , and 1 . 3 , respectively . we observe that the best performance is achieved by using seq2seqaug ( 2018 ) . we also observe that using the same training set as the human evaluation results in the best quality .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . we observe that our approach outperforms both the df and slqs models , and that our model performs better than the df model .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . we observe that our approach outperforms both the df and slqs datasets , and is comparable to the df model .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are shown in tables 1 and 2 . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of performance . we observe that our model performs better than the best on all the models except for df .
results are presented in table 1 . europarl achieves the best performance on both metric and depthcohesion metrics . it outperforms both the df and slqs metrics by a significant margin . it also outperforms the df metric by a margin of 1 . 86 points .
results are presented in table 4 . the results are summarized in table 5 . europarl achieves the best performance on both metric and metric metrics . in metric terms , it outperforms both df and slqs in terms of depthcohesion .
1 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of our model on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . lf is the enhanced version as we mentioned in table 1 . the results are shown in the table 1 . we observe that the enhanced model outperforms the original visdial model .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on visdial v1 . 0 validation set . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of accuracy .
5 compares the performance of hmd - prec and wmd - f1 on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . hmd prec outperforms all the other hmd - prec models in terms of bert performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the baselines used in the model outperform the baselines set by ruse ( * ) and sent - mover ( 2018 ) on the direct assessment test set . as expected , baselines are significantly better than those set by bertscore .
results are presented in table 1 . the baselines for bagel and sfhotel outperform the baselines on both sets . we observe that baselines are significantly better than baselines in both sets , which indicates that the model is superior to the baseline .
results are presented in table 1 . the baselines for baselines are shown in bold . for baselines , we use the leic score - recall metric , which measures the performance of the baselines in relation to the m1 and m2 scores . we also use the bertscore - recall metric to compare baselines with other baselines . our model outperforms all baselines except wmd - 1 and w2v in terms of performance .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m1 model by a significant margin . in particular , it outperforms both the m2 model and the m3 model by significantly improving the performance .
results are presented in table 1 . the results of our model outperform those of the other models in terms of transfer quality and transfer quality . the results are summarized in table 2 . we observe that the semantic preservation model outperforms both the semantic and semantic preservation models by a significant margin . for semantic preservation , we observe that semantic preservation outperforms semantic preservation .
5 shows the results of human sentence - level validation . the results are shown in table 5 . sim and human ratings of semantic preservation are significantly better than those obtained by machine and human . as expected , the performance of sim and pp is significantly worse than that obtained by human .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m1 model by a significant margin . in particular , it outperforms both the m2 model and the m3 model by significantly improving the performance .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ scores . the best model outperforms all the other models in terms of classifiers , except for the best model , yang2018unsupervised , which achieves the best bleus . we also compare the performance of our best model with those of other models using the same classifiers .
2 shows the percentage of reparandum tokens that were correctly predicted as disfluent , compared to repetition tokens . reparandum length is reported in table 2 .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for disfluencies that contain a content word in both the reparandum and the repair ( content - function ) . the percentage of tokens predicted to contain a word in each category is shown in table 3 . the fraction of tokens correctly predicted for each category are shown in parentheses .
results are presented in table 1 . the model outperforms all the other models in terms of dev mean , with the exception of text + innovations , which outperforms both the single and multi - tasker models . we observe that the model achieves the best dev mean on both datasets , while the multi tasker model performs worse .
2 shows the performance of the word2vec embeddings on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model outperforms the state - of - art models on both test sets .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem ( higher is better ) . our unified model significantly outperforms all previous models .
3 shows the performance of our model with and without attention . the results are shown in table 3 . the performance of neuraldater is comparable to that of ac - gcn , but with more attention . it is clear that attention is beneficial for word attention .
results are presented in table 1 . the best performing models are jnn and jrnn , with the exception of jnn , which outperforms all the models except for jnn .
results are presented in table 1 . our method outperforms all the other methods in terms of identification and classification . in particular , it outperforms both trigger and classification by a significant margin . as expected , our method has a significant advantage over all other methods except trigger .
results are presented in table 1 . all models outperform all models except english - only - lm in terms of dev perp and test wer . the results are summarized in table 2 . all models are comparable in performance , with the exception of the spanish - only model , where the performance of all models is comparable .
4 shows the results on the dev set and on the test set using discriminative training with only subsets of the code - switched data .
5 shows the performance on the dev set compared to the monolingual set . our model outperforms all the other models except fine - tuned - disc , which performs better on the test set .
results are shown in table 7 . the precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 ) and f1 - score ( f ) for using type - aggregated gaze features trained on all three eye - tracking datasets and tested on the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p ) and recall are significantly better than f1 scores for the pre - trained model .
5 shows the precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 ) and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . the results are summarized in table 5 .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are shown in table 1 . syntactic - sg embeddings are used in wordnet , verbnet , and glove - extended , respectively . the results on the original paper are presented in tables 1 and 2 .
2 shows the results of the rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . the results are presented in table 2 . rbg has the highest ppa accuracy and the best ppa accuracy .
3 : effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . table 3 shows the ppa accuracy ( ppa ) of the model with respect to attention .
2 shows the results of domain tuning and domain tuning for image caption translation ( bleu % scores ) . the results are presented in table 2 . subdomain tuning improves the performance of multi30k , while domain tuning improves it by 3 . 5 % .
results are presented in table 1 . subdomain - tuned models outperform subs1m models in both en - de and out - of - domain settings . the results are summarized in table 2 . in - de models , the performance is comparable to that of subs 1m models , with the exception of mscoco17 , which is closer to the baseline .
4 shows bleu scores in terms of multi30k captions . the results with marian amun are summarized in table 4 . adding automatic captions ( dual attn . ) with the best ones or all 5 shows that the system performs better than the model with only the best image captions ,
5 compares the performance of the two strategies for integrating visual information with enc - gate and dec - gate . the results are summarized in table 5 . in terms of bleu % scores , we use transformer , multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm , and detectron mask surface . we also compare the results of both approaches with respect to the original embeddings . as expected , the results are slightly better than those of the original ones .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that subs3m outperforms subs6m in terms of performance , with the exception of mscoco17 , which outperforms all models except for subs4m . sub3m also outperforms the other models by a significant margin . the performance of the subs2m model is comparable to that of other models , however , the performance is slightly better .
results are presented in table 1 . we observe that the en - fr - rnn - ff model outperforms all the other models in terms of translation performance . the results are summarized in table 2 . it is clear that the translation performance of the model is significantly better than that of the original model .
results in table 1 show the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used . we used the same language pairs for the train and test splits .
2 shows the performance of our model on the english , french and spanish datasets . our model outperforms all the other models in terms of training vocabularies .
5 shows the bleu and ter scores for the rev systems . automatic evaluation scores are shown in table 5 . the automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) are comparable to ter and en - es - rnn - rev , ter is comparable to en - fr - rev ( 36 . 5 % ) , but en - s - rev is closer to ter ( 37 . 2 % ) . the difference between the two systems is due to the fact that ter is used to evaluate the performance of the system .
results on flickr8k are presented in table 2 . the vgs model is the visually supervised model from chrupala2017representations . it is comparable to segmatch in terms of recall @ 10 and f1 .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the previous models except audio2vec - u , which achieves the best performance .
1 shows the results of the different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns on a on ( in the the the edges ) and on ( in the in the edges ) . it is so clever to have the edges at the edges .
2 presents the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are presented in table 2 . we observe that the number of words in the original sentence has increased , decreased or stayed the same for the last three years . the results show that fine tuning has not changed the quality of the sentence .
3 shows the change in sentiment with respect to the original sentence in sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 3 .
results are presented in table 1 . our model outperforms all the other models except for sst - 2 . we observe that the performance of our model is comparable to those of other models . the performance of the model is similar to that of pimi ( p < 0 . 001 ) . we also observe that our model performs better than other models in terms of performance .
