2 shows the performance of our system on the large movie review dataset . our recursive approach performs the best on inference with efficient parallel execution of tree nodes , while the iterative approach shows better performance on training .
shown in table 1 , the balanced dataset exhibits the highest throughput thanks to the high degree of parallelization . however , it does not improve as well as the linear dataset .
2 shows the performance of our max pooling strategy for each model with different representation . our system achieves the best performance with different number of parameters and the average number of frames per parameter . the maximum pooling scheme consistently performs better in all model variations . as shown in table 2 , our system relies on the scalability of the input and output parameters . the scalability is high for all models , with the exception of the sigmoid model , where the input parameters are optimised for different contexts .
1 shows the effect of using the shortest dependency path on each relation type . our system achieves the best f1 ( in 5 - fold ) with sdp , and the best diff . by using it as a dependency path . we also observe that the macro - averaged model outperforms the model without sdp .
results are shown in table 3 . for example , y - 3 : y , the average f1 is 50 % , f1 50 % , and r - f1 50 % . for f1 , it is 50 % . on the other hand , for y - 2 : y ( y - 3 ) , it is closer to 50 % .
results are shown in table 1 . the results of our method are presented in terms of the number of instances in which the word embeddings are considered . as expected , the results of the best performing method are significantly better than those of the other methods , i . e . mst - parser , f1 and f1 .
4 shows the c - f1 scores for the two indicated systems ; for the lstm - parser , it is 60 . 62 ± 3 . 54 and 56 . 24 ± 2 . 87 respectively , compared to the majority performances of both systems .
3 shows the results for each system . original and original scores are shown in table 3 . the best performing system is the sc - lstm , which is the only one that is completely clean . it is clear from table 3 that this system performs better than the original on a large scale . the results are summarized in table 4 . the average bleu score is significantly lower than that of the original .
shown in table 1 , the original and the cleaned versions of our e2e data are comparable in terms of number of distinct mrs , total number of textual references and ser as measured by our slot matching script , see section 3 .
3 shows the original and original test scores for each system . original scores are shown in table 3 . the original scores show that the tgen + model performs better than the original on all tests except for the one in which it obtains the best performance . the other two systems show lower performance .
results of manual error analysis on a sample of 100 instances from the original test set are shown in table 4 . we found a total of 22 errors ( 17 . 6 % ) for each error ( 14 . 6 % ) . the percentage of errors we found was significantly higher than the original , but still lower than the percentage we found .
3 shows the performance of our dcgcn model on the external and external datasets compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . for the external dataset , we observe that the average weighted b = 0 . 2m is significantly better than the state of the art model , and that the difference between the performance between the two is minimal .
results on amr17 are shown in table 2 . our model achieves a bleu score of 25 . 5 on the model size in terms of parameters , respectively . as expected , our model performs slightly better than the ensemble model , but still outperforms both the single and ensemble models .
3 shows the results for english - german and english - czech , respectively . the results are shown in table 3 . the best performing model is the bow + gcn model , which performs best in english - language and german - language . it achieves the best results in both languages , with the exception of english - korean , where it performs slightly worse than the single model .
5 shows the effect of the number of layers inside the dc block on the performance of the model in table 5 . as table 5 shows , for every layer , there are three layers that contribute to the overall performance . for example , for example , n layers contribute significantly to the performance , while for m layers , they contribute slightly .
6 shows the performance of our models with residual connections . with residual connections , our model achieves the best performance with a minimum of 50 % gcn connections .
model 3 shows the performance of our dcgcn model on the bias metric compared to other models . the results are summarized in table 3 . the results show that the average number of frames per second is higher than the average of the other models , indicating that the model is able to handle multiple tasks at once .
8 shows the ablation study results for the dev set of amr15 . the results are shown in table 8 . - { i , 4 } dense blocks denote removing the dense connections in the i - th block , whereas { i , 3 } dense ones denotes removing them in the dense blocks . table 8 shows that the reduction in the number of dense blocks indicates the diminishing returns of the model ' s reliance on dense connections .
shown in table 9 , the models used in the graph encoder outperform the lstm decoder in terms of coverage . the best performing model is the dcgcn4 decoder , which achieves a 25 . 5 % coverage rate and a 55 . 4 % overall success rate . table 9 shows the ablation study for the different types of data encoder and the corresponding decoder .
7 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on probing tasks . our paper shows that our method obtains the best performance with a minimum of 0 . 01 % precision .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that our h - cmow model outperforms all the other models except for the one that has the best performance . as expected , the h - cbow model has the worst performance on both datasets .
3 presents the results of our model on the mrpc test set . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that uses sst2 and sst5 . it also outperforms both mpqa and sick - e in terms of mrpc score .
results on unsupervised downstream tasks attained by our models are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms both hybrid and cmp on all downstream tasks , with the exception of sts14 .
8 shows the performance of our initialization strategies on supervised downstream tasks . our paper shows that our approach outperforms the best state - of - the - art models on all three tasks .
6 shows the performance for different training objectives on the unsupervised downstream tasks . our cmow - r model outperforms both the cbow - c model and the sts14 model .
results are shown in table 1 . the best performing models are cbow , cbow - r and somo , both of which are state - of - the - art models . cbow shows the best performance with a minimum of 50 % accuracy . however , it does not match the performance of the other two models .
results are shown in table 3 . the best performing models are cbow - r and sick - r . our model outperforms both the sst2 and sst5 models in terms of mrpc score . it is clear from the results that our model obtains superior results on both mrpc and mpqa scores .
3 shows the e + and per scores for each system . our system obtains the best results with a minimum of 50 % org and 50 % per scores . our model outperforms all the systems except for mil - nd , which obtains only 50 % of the org scores . the results are shown in table 3 . our model obtains a significant improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model in all aspects , with a slight drop in org score . it obtains an overall improvement over both the previous model ( mil - nd ) and the one that obtains 50 % .
results on the test set under two settings are shown in table 2 . our system achieves the best performance with 95 % confidence intervals and 94 % f1 score . our model outperforms all the models except mil - nd in terms of e + p score .
6 : entailment ( ent ) with ref and ref is shown in table 6 . the model outperforms all the other models except for those that do not use ref ( e . g . g2s - gat ) .
3 presents the results of our model on the ldc2015e86 and ldc2017t10 datasets . our model outperforms all the models except for the ones that do not achieve the best results ( g2s - gat ) .
3 shows the results on ldc2015e86 test set when models are trained with additional gigaword data . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models on both sets .
shown in table 4 , the results of the ablation study on the ldc2017t10 development set are shown in bold . bilstm significantly outperforms the other models in terms of performance , but it is still inferior to the large - scale models .
results are shown in table 1 . we observe that the average number of frames per sentence is relatively small ( around 5 . 5 ) compared to the average length of sentences , indicating that the g2s model is more suitable for the task at hand . in particular , we observe lower correlation between sentence length and sentence length , which indicates that the model is better at predicting sentence length .
shown in table 8 , the fraction of elements in the output that are not present in the input ( g2s - gin ) that are missing in the generated sentence ( miss ) , for the test set of ldc2017t10 . it is clear from table 8 that the g2s models are better than the reference sentences .
4 shows the performance of our models with different target languages in the parallel corpus ( 200k sentences ) . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of accuracy .
2 : pos and sem accuracy with baselines and an upper bound . accuracies are shown in table 2 . the best performing model is word2tag , which relies on unsupervised embeddings and baselines .
results are shown in table 1 . our system outperforms all the other methods except for the one that significantly improves the accuracy . our model obtains the best performance on both datasets .
5 shows the accuracy with different layers of 4 - layer uni / bidirectional / residual nmt encoders , averaged over all non - english target languages . the results are shown in table 5 . for english , our model obtains an overall 87 . 9 % accuracy and a 4 . 5 % improvement over res .
performance on different datasets is shown in table 8 . the average weighted average is 10 % , and the difference between the performance of the trained adversary and the corresponding attacker is 14 . 3 % . the difference between weighted average and weighted average scores is reported in δ , which indicates that the training set contains a high diversity of training instances .
1 shows the performance of our system when training directly towards a single task . our system obtains the best performance with a minimum of training time .
2 shows the performance of the classifiers when they are included in the conversation , as shown in table 2 . the classifier ( pan16 ) has the highest performance with balanced and unbalanced data splits . however , it has the worst performance with a balanced task and an unbalanced one .
performance on different datasets with an adversarial training is shown in table 3 . the difference between the performance of the trained classifier and the corresponding adversary is measured in δ ( difference between the attacker score and their accuracy ) . the performance of pan16 is reported in tables 3 and 4 , respectively .
6 shows the performance of different encoders for different variants of the protected attribute . embedding leaky is easier for rnn and rnn to do than it is for the other embeddings .
results of our second study are shown in table 3 . our model outperforms the previous work on all three datasets except for the wt2 dataset , where it achieves the best performance . the results show that our lstm outperforms both the original wt2 model and the finetune model by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 5 . we show the performance of our model on the test set of hotpotqa in the distractor and fullwiki setting . our model achieves the best performance on both test set with a minimum of 2 . 87m iterations and a maximum of 6 . 41m iterations . the average time taken to compile the data is close to the original lstm time , but is slightly better than the original model . finally , we show the results of our second study .
3 shows the performance of our model compared to the previous state - of - the - art models . our model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we used in table 1 . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that our model performs better than both the original lstm and the original sru .
3 shows the bleu score of our model on wmt14 english - german translation task . our model obtains a 3 . 5 / 4 . 5 bleus score on the task compared to the previous best state - of - the - art model . we also observe that our system performs slightly better than the other models in terms of decoding one sentence at once .
4 shows the performance of our model with respect to match / f1 score on squad dataset . our model obtains the best performance with a parameter number of 2 . 44m and a f1 score of 75 . 83 / 83 . 83 . we observe that the lstm model outperforms all the models except for the ones with higher parameter numbers .
6 shows the f1 score on conll - 2003 english ner task . the lstm model significantly outperforms the other models in terms of parameter number . as shown in table 6 , it achieves a f1 of 90 . 94 on connll - 03 english task , which is slightly higher than the previous state - of - the - art model .
7 shows the performance of our model on snli task with base + ln setting and test perplexity on ptb task with base setting .
3 shows the performance of the word - based systems for each task . word - based system retrieval is the most effective , with a b - 2 average and a r - 4 average . sent attention is particularly effective for systems with multi - task learning , word attention is beneficial for both systems as well as for humans , as it improves the overall performance of both systems when combined with the attention span of the data .
4 presents the results of human evaluation on grammaticality ( gram ) , appropriateness ( appr ) , and content richness ( cont . ) , on a scale of 1 to 5 . our system ranked in the top 1 or 2 for each of these metrics .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . our joint model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we use , namely , europarl . the results are summarized in table 3 .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . the results are summarized in table 3 . our model outperforms all the other models except for europarl , whose performance is significantly worse than that of the other two .
3 shows the performance of all the models trained on the corpus dataset . our joint model outperforms all the other models except for the one that we use , namely , europarl . the results are shown in table 3 .
are shown in table 1 . our system achieves the best score with a score of 1 . 78 on the metric metric , which is comparable to the maxdepth score of europarl . however , our system performs slightly worse than our baseline , which shows that our system is better than our system .
are shown in table 1 . our system achieves the best performance with a maxdepth of 9 . 43 and a maximumdepth of 1 . 1 . we observe that our system is comparable to the best on both datasets , but is slightly better than our system . our model achieves the highest score with a totaldepth of 79 . 43 .
shown in table 1 , the performance ( ndcg % ) of our model on the validation set of visdial v1 . 0 . the enhanced variant of lf outperforms the original model in terms of r0 , r2 , r3 and r3 .
2 shows the performance ( ndcg % ) of different ablative studies on different models on the visdial v1 . 0 validation set . our model obtains the best performance ( i . e . , better coatt score ) on all three sets .
5 presents the results of our model on hard and soft alignments . the results are summarized in table 5 . our model outperforms all the other models except for wmd - prec + bert .
3 presents the results of our approach with respect to direct assessment . the results are summarized in table 3 . our approach obtains the best results with a minimum of 0 . 5 bertscore - f1 score and achieves the highest score with a f1 score of 1 . 7 .
3 presents the bagel and sfhotel scores on the test set . the baseline scores are set at 0 . 25 and 0 . 005 respectively , and are significantly better than the baseline scores of both bleu - 1 and smd - 2 .
3 presents the results of our model on the baselines . our model improves upon the leic score by 0 . 9 points on the m1 and m2 metrics . however , it still outperforms the baseline on both metrics by a significant margin .
results are shown in table 3 . we observe that the m0 model performs better than the m1 model on all metrics except for the performance of the shen - 1 model , which shows the diminishing returns from using syntactic or semantic information .
3 presents the results of our model on the transfer quality and semantic preservation scores . our model outperforms the previous stateof - the - art models in both domains . the results are summarized in table 3 . semantic preservation scores are significantly better than those of the other baselines , indicating that the model is more suitable for the task at hand . as expected , the accuracy scores of all the baselines are significantly lower than the other models .
5 presents the results of human sentence - level validation . the results are shown in table 5 . we show that our method significantly improves the performance for both sim and human . the results show that the accuracy of our system is high , with a gap of 0 . 67 - 0 . 67 .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the m0 model outperforms the m1 model by a significant margin on all metrics except for the performance of the shen - 1 metric , which shows that the model is more effective at boosting performance .
results on yelp sentiment transfer are shown in table 6 . our best model achieves the highest bleu and the highest acc ∗ score , respectively , compared to previous work using different classifiers . multi - decoder outperforms all the other models except for yang2018unsupervised , which shows the diminishing returns from mixing multiple classifiers in the same sentence .
statistics for nested disfluencies are shown in table 2 . the average number of tokens that are correctly predicted to be disfluent is 6 , 8 and 8 respectively .
3 shows the percentage of rephrases correctly predicted as disfluent for both the reparandum and the repair ( table 3 ) . the fraction of tokens predicted to contain a content word is shown in table 3 . it is clear from the table that the number of tokens correctly predicted for each category is small , but the percentage is high , indicating that the accuracy is high .
results are shown in table 4 . we observe that the best performing text model is the one that relies most on innovations , while the best model relies less on text .
2 compares our model with the state - of - art algorithms on the fnc - 1 test dataset . our model achieves the best performance with a low f1 score of 0 . 53 and 0 . 59 , respectively , compared to the best performing rnn model .
2 shows the performance of different methods on the apw and nyt datasets for the document dating problem . our unified model significantly outperforms all previous models except for burstysimdater .
3 shows the performance of our method in terms of word attention and graph attention . the accuracy of our model is shown in table 3 . it obtains a significant improvement over the previous state - of - the - art model by 3 . 5 % on average .
3 shows the performance of our models across all stages . our model outperforms all the models except for the ones that do not perform well on the test set . the results are shown in table 3 . we observe that our model performs better on all stages , with the exception of the one where it performs poorly .
3 shows the performance of our method with respect to event identification . our method obtains the best results with a precision of 68 . 7 % and a f1 score of 44 . 1 % on the single event dataset , respectively .
results are shown in table 1 . all models except for the ones that use the enhanced concatenated word embeddings outperform all the models except the ones using the enhanced word embedding feature .
4 shows the results on the training set and on the test set . fine - tuning achieves the best results with only subsets of the code - switched data in the dev set .
5 shows the performance of our system on the dev set and the test set , compared to monolingual and code - switched systems . the results are shown in table 5 . the performance of the fine - tuned system is slightly worse than that of the mono model .
results in table 7 show that type - aggregated gaze features significantly improve the precision ( p < 0 . 01 ) and f1 - score ( p > 0 . 05 ) for the three eye - tracking datasets trained on the conll - 2003 dataset , respectively .
5 shows the precision and f1 scores for using type - aggregated gaze features on the conll - 2003 dataset . precision ( p ) , recall ( f1 - score ( f ) , f1 score ( g ) and f2 score ( h ) are all statistically significant improvements over the baseline ( p ≤ 0 . 01 ) .
results on belinkov2014exploring ’ s ppa test set are shown in table 1 . the hpcd approach uses syntactic - sg embeddings as the base layer for wordnet , and it uses glove - retro as the core layer . the results on the original paper are summarized in tables 1 and 2 . these results show that the syntactic embedding methods can improve the wordnet performance by up to 90 % .
2 shows the performance of our rbg dependency parser with features coming from various pp attachment predictors and oracle attachments . the results are shown in table 2 .
3 shows the effect of removing sense priors and context sensitivity ( attention ) from the model . the results are shown in table 3 .
2 shows the performance of our model with domain - tuned and multi30k decoding data . our model outperforms both en - de and flickr17 in terms of bleu % scores . subsfull decoding data and domain tuning results show that the model performs well on both datasets .
3 shows the performance of subs1m models using domain - tuned models in the en - de setting . our model outperforms all the models except for mscoco17 , which shows the diminishing returns from domain tuning . the results are summarized in table 3 . we observe that the domain tuning performance of our model is relatively consistent across all models , with the exception of those using the single - domain model .
4 shows bleu scores in terms of multi30k captions . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that we chose . the results are shown in table 4 . as expected , the model with the best bleus score is better than the model without .
5 compares the performance of different approaches for integrating visual information . we use multi30k + ms - coco + subs3mlm with the exception of enc - gate . the results are summarized in table 5 . we observe that the best performing model is the img w - based model , which improves upon the strong leuu % baseline .
3 shows the performance of subs3m compared to subs6m in terms of multi - lingual features . our model outperforms all the models except for the one that relies on the word embeddings . as expected , our model performs slightly better than the other models , but is slightly worse than the others .
3 shows the performance of our system compared to the best state - of - the - art en - fr model on mtld . our system outperforms all the other systems except for the one that relies on word embeddings for translation .
shown in table 1 , the number of parallel sentences in the train , test and development splits for the language pairs we used .
2 : training vocabularies for the english , french and spanish data used for our models . the results are shown in table 2 . our system obtains the best results with a combined score of 113 , 132 and 168 , 195 , respectively .
5 shows the bleu and ter scores for the rev systems . automatic evaluation scores ( bleu ) show that the system performs better than the previous state - of - the - art systems in terms of translation performance .
results on flickr8k are shown in table 2 . the vgs model shown in the second row is the visually supervised model from chrupala2017representations . it is significantly more accurate than the average rsaimage model .
results on synthetically spoken coco are shown in table 1 . our model outperforms the previous state - of - the - art models in terms of both recall and reward .
1 shows the results of different classifiers compared to the original on sst - 2 . we report further examples in table 1 . for example , cnn turns in a < u > screenplay that has edges at the edges ; it ’ s so clever you want to hate it .
2 shows the results of fine - tuning on sst - 2 . the results are shown in table 2 . we observe that the number of occurrences have increased , decreased or stayed the same through fine - tuning .
shown in table 3 , the effect of negative sentiment on sentiment is less pronounced in sst - 2 than in the original sentence .
results are presented in table 1 . the results are summarized in terms of average performance ( pmi ) for both groups , with the most notable difference being between positive and negative ( p < 0 . 005 ) . as expected , the performance of our system is significantly better than those of other systems , indicating that our approach is more effective for the task .
